We observe today not a victory of party but a celebration of freedom  symbolizing an end as well as a beginning  signifying renewal as well as change. For I have sworn before you and Almighty God the same solemn oath our forebears prescribed nearly a century and three quarters ago.
The world is very different now. For man holds in his mortal hands the power to abolish all forms of human poverty and all forms of human life. And yet the same revolutionary beliefs for which our forebears fought are still at issue around the globe  the belief that the rights of man come not from the generosity of the state but from the hand of God.
We dare not forget today that we are the heirs of that first revolution. Let the word go forth from this time and place to friend and foe alike that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans  born in this century tempered by war disciplined by a hard and bitter peace proud of our ancient heritage  and unwilling to witness or permit the slow undoing of those human rights to which this Nation has always been committed and to which we are committed today at home and around the world.
Let every nation know whether it wishes us well or ill that we shall pay any price bear any burden meet any hardship support any friend oppose any foe in order to assure the survival and the success of liberty.
This much we pledge  and more.
To those old allies whose cultural and spiritual origins we share we pledge the loyalty of faithful friends. United there is little we cannot do in a host of cooperative ventures. Divided there is little we can do  for we dare not meet a powerful challenge at odds and split asunder.
To those new States whom we welcome to the ranks of the free we pledge our word that one form of colonial control shall not have passed away merely to be replaced by a far more iron tyranny. We shall not always expect to find them supporting our view. But we shall always hope to find them strongly supporting their own freedom  and to remember that in the past those who foolishly sought power by riding the back of the tiger ended up inside.
To those peoples in the huts and villages across the globe struggling to break the bonds of mass misery we pledge our best efforts to help them help themselves for whatever period is required  not because the Communists may be doing it not because we seek their votes but because it is right. If a free society cannot help the many who are poor it cannot save the few who are rich.
To our sister republics south of our border we offer a special pledge  to convert our good words into good deeds  in a new alliance for progress  to assist free men and free governments in casting off the chains of poverty. But this peaceful revolution of hope cannot become the prey of hostile powers. Let all our neighbours know that we shall join with them to oppose aggression or subversion anywhere in the Americas. And let every other power know that this Hemisphere intends to remain the master of its own house.
To that world assembly of sovereign states the United Nations our last best hope in an age where the instruments of war have far outpaced the instruments of peace we renew our pledge of support  to prevent it from becoming merely a forum for invective  to strengthen its shield of the new and the weak  and to enlarge the area in which its writ may run.
Finally to those nations who would make themselves our adversary we offer not a pledge but a request: that both sides begin anew the quest for peace before the dark powers of destruction unleashed by science engulf all humanity in planned or accidental selfdestruction.
We dare not tempt them with weakness. For only when our arms are sufficient beyond doubt can we be certain beyond doubt that they will never be employed.
But neither can two great and powerful groups of nations take comfort from our present course  both sides overburdened by the cost of modern weapons both rightly alarmed by the steady spread of the deadly atom yet both racing to alter that uncertain balance of terror that stays the hand of mankinds final war.
So let us begin anew  remembering on both sides that civility is not a sign of weakness and sincerity is always subject to proof. Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.
Let both sides explore what problems unite us instead of belabouring those problems which divide us.
Let both sides for the first time formulate serious and precise proposals for the inspection and control of arms  and bring the absolute power to destroy other nations under the absolute control of all nations.
Let both sides seek to invoke the wonders of science instead of its terrors. Together let us explore the stars conquer the deserts eradicate disease tap the ocean depths and encourage the arts and commerce.
And if a beachhead of cooperation may push back the jungle of suspicion let both sides join in creating a new endeavour not a new balance of power but a new world of law where the strong are just and the weak secure and the peace preserved.
All this will not be finished in the first 100 days. Nor will it be finished in the first 1000 days nor in the life of this Administration nor even perhaps in our lifetime on this planet. But let us begin.
In your hands my fellow citizens more than in mine will rest the final success or failure of our course. Since this country was founded each generation of Americans has been summoned to give testimony to its national loyalty. The graves of young Americans who answered the call to service surround the globe.
Now the trumpet summons us again  not as a call to bear arms though arms we need; not as a call to battle though embattled we are  but a call to bear the burden of a long twilight struggle year in and year out rejoicing in hope patient in tribulation  a struggle against the common enemies of man: tyranny poverty disease and war itself.
Can we forge against these enemies a grand and global alliance North and South East and West that can assure a more fruitful life for all mankind? Will you join in that historic effort?
In the long history of the world only a few generations have been granted the role of defending freedom in its hour of maximum danger. I do not shrink from this responsibility  I welcome it. I do not believe that any of us would exchange places with any other people or any other generation. The energy the faith the devotion which we bring to this endeavour will light our country and all who serve it  and the glow from that fire can truly light the world.
And so my fellow Americans: ask not what your country can do for you  ask what you can do for your country.
My fellow citizens of the world: ask not what America will do for you but what together we can do for the freedom of man.
Finally whether you are citizens of America or citizens of the world ask of us the same high standards of strength and sacrifice which we ask of you. With a good conscience our only sure reward with history the final judge of our deeds let us go forth to lead the land we love asking His blessing and His help but knowing that here on earth Gods work must truly be our own.
约翰肯尼迪的不要问国家能为你做什么，而要问你能为国家做什么就职演说是在1961年1月20日星期五发表的。这句话语出肯尼迪在1961年就任美国第35届总统时的就职演讲。这句话的原文是：And so my fellow Americans: ask not what your country can do for you  ask what you can do for your country. My fellow citizens of the world: ask not what America will do for you but what together we can do for the freedom of man. 这句话至今仍然被经常引用，它鼓励人们为国家做出贡献，而不是只关注国家能为自己做些什么。
肯尼迪的整个政治生涯都发生在冷战和与苏联的核军备竞赛的阴影下。因此，他的就职演说强调了在最危险的时刻为自由而战。他在准备这一时刻时，既希望激励国家，也希望向海外传递信息，表明冷战的挑战和他对核时代和平的希望。他还希望简洁明了。正如他对他的亲密顾问泰德索伦森所说：我不希望人们认为我是个饶舌之人。他指派索伦森研究其他就职演说和林肯的葛底斯堡演说，以揭示成功演讲的秘密。精心制作的最终演讲经过肯尼迪和索伦森多次修改和重写，直到当选总统满意为止。虽然不是最短的就职演说，但肯尼迪的演说比大多数都要短，长度为1355个单词，像林肯著名的演说一样，由简短的短语和单词组成。除了信息、单词选择和长度外，他认识到吸引观众需要强有力的传递。
中国正在外求和平，内求统一的时候，突然发生了卢沟桥事变，不但我举国民众悲愤不置，世界舆论也都异常震惊。此事发展结果，不仅是中国存亡的问题，而将是世界人类祸福之所系。诸位关心国难，对此事件，当然是特别关切，兹将关于此事件之几点要义，为诸君坦白说明之。
第一，中国民族本是酷爱和平，国民政府的外交政策，向来主张对内求自存，对外求共存。本年二月三中全会宣言，于此更有明确的宣示，近两年来的对日外交，一秉此旨，向前努力，希望把过去各种轨外的乱态，统统纳入外交的正轨，去谋正当解决，这种苦心与事实，国内大都可共见。我常觉得，我们要应付国难，首先要认识自己国家的地位。我国是弱国，对自己国家力量要有忠实估计，国家为进行建设，绝对的需要和平，过去数年中，不惜委曲忍痛，对外保持和平，即是此理。
跟着今年二月三中全会对于最后关头的解释，充分表示我们对和平的爱护。我们既是一个弱国，如果临到最后关头，便只有拚全民族的生命，以求国家生存；那时节再不容许我们中途妥协，须知中途妥协的条件，便是整个投降、整个灭亡的条件。全国国民最要认清，所谓最后关头的意义，最后关头一至，我们只有牺牲到底，抗战到底，唯有牺牲到底的决心，才能博得最后的胜利。若是彷徨不定，妄想苟安，便会陷民族于万劫不复之地！
第二，这次卢沟桥事件发生以后，或有人以为是偶然突发的，但一月来对付舆论，或外交上直接间接的表示，都使我们觉到事变的征兆。而且在事变发生的前后，还传播着种种的新闻，说是什么要扩大塘沽协定的范围，要扩大冀东伪组织，要驱逐第二十九军，要逼宋哲元离开，诸如此类的传闻，不胜枚举。可想这一次事件，并不是偶然，从这次事变的经过，知道人家处心积虑的谋我之亟，和平已非轻易可以求得；眼前如果要求平安无事，只有让人家军队无限制的出入于我国的国土，而我们本国军队反要忍受限制，不能在本国土地内自由驻在，或是人家向中国军队开枪，而我们不能还枪。换言之，就是人为刀俎，我为鱼肉！我们已快要临到这个人世悲惨之境地。这在世界上稍有人格的民族，都无法忍受的。我们东四省失陷，已有了6年之久，续之以塘沽协定，现在冲突地点已到了北平门口的卢沟桥。如果卢沟桥可以受人压迫强占，那么我们百年故都，北方政治文化的中心与军事重镇北平，就要变成沈阳第二！今日的北平，若果变成昔日的沈阳，今日的冀察，亦将成为昔日的东四省。北平若可变成沈阳，南京又何尝不会变成北平！所以卢沟桥事变的推演，是关系中国国家整个的问题，此事能否结束，就是最后关头的境界。
第三，万一真到了无可避免的最后关头，我们当然只有牺牲，只有抗战！但我们态度只是应战，而不是求战；应战，是应付最后关头，因为我们是弱国，又因为拥护和平是我们的国策，所以不可求战；我们固然是一个弱国，但不能不保持我们民族的生命，不能不负起祖宗先民所遗留给我们历史上的责任，所以，到了逼不得已时，我们不能不应战。至于战争既无之后，则因为我们是弱国，再没有妥协的机会，如果放弃尺寸土地与主权，便是中华民族的千古罪人！那时便只有拚全民族的生命，求我们最后的胜利。
四第二十九军现在所驻地区不受任何约束。
这四点立场，是弱国外交最低限度，如果对方犹能设身处地为东方民族作为一个远大的打算，不想促成两国关系达于关头，不愿造成中日两国世代永远的仇恨，对于我们这最低限度的立场，应该不致于漠视。
总之，政府对于卢沟桥事件，已确定始终一贯的方针和立场，且必以全力固守这个立场，我们希望和平，而不求苟安；准备应战，而决不求战。我们知道全国应战以后之局势，就只有牺牲到底，无丝毫侥幸求免之理。如果战端一开，那就是地无分南北，年无分老幼，无论何人，皆有守土抗战之责，皆应抱定牺牲一切之决心。所以政府必特别谨慎，以临此大事，全国国民必须严肃沉着，准备自卫。在此安危绝续之交，唯赖举国一致，服从纪律，严守秩序。希望各位回到各地，将此意转于社会，俾咸能明了局势，效忠国家，这是兄弟所恳切期望的。
Only three weeks ago I stood in this place to read the Führers proclamation on the 10th anniversary of the seizure of power and to speak to you and to the German people. The crisis we now face on the Eastern Front was at its height. In the midst of the hard misfortunes the nation faced in the battle on the Volga we gathered together in a mass meeting on the 30th of January to display our unity our unanimity and our strong will to overcome the difficulties we faced in the fourth year of the war.
It was a moving experience for me and probably also for all of you to be bound by radio with the last heroic fighters in Stalingrad during our powerful meeting here in the Sport Palace. They radioed to us that they had heard the Führers proclamation and perhaps for the last time in their lives joined Book coverus in raising their hands to sing the national anthems. What an example German soldiers have set in this great age! And what an obligation it puts on us all particularly the entire German homeland! Stalingrad was and is fates great alarm call to the German nation! A nation that has the strength to survive and overcome such a disaster even to draw from it additional strength is unbeatable. In my speech to you and the German people I shall remember the heroes of Stalingrad who put me and all of us under a deep obligation.
I do not know how many millions of people are listening to me over the radio tonight at home and at the front. I want to speak to all of you from the depths of my heart to the depths of yours. I believe that the entire German people has a passionate interest in what I have to say tonight. I will therefore speak with holy seriousness and openness as the hour demands. The German people raised educated and disciplined by National Socialism can bear the whole truth. It knows the gravity of the situation and its leadership can therefore demand the necessary hard measures yes even the hardest measures. We Germans are armed against weakness and uncertainty. The blows and misfortunes of the war only give us additional strength firm resolve and a spiritual and fighting will to overcome all difficulties and obstacles with revolutionary élan.
Now is not the time to ask how it all happened. That can wait until later when the German people and the whole world will learn the full truth about the misfortune of the past weeks and its deep and fateful significance. The heroic sacrifices of heroism of our soldiers in Stalingrad has had vast historical significance for the whole Eastern Front. It was not in vain. The future will make clear why.
When I jump over the past to look ahead I do it intentionally. The time is short! There is no time for fruitless debates. We must act immediately thoroughly and decisively as has always been the National Socialist way.
The movement has from its beginning acted in that way to master the many crises it faced and overcame. The National Socialist state also acted decisively when faced by a threat. We are not like the ostrich that sticks its head in the sand so as not to see danger. We are brave enough to look danger in the face to coolly and ruthlessly take its measure then act decisively with our heads held high. Both as a movement and as a nation we have always been at our best when we needed fanatic determined wills to overcome and eliminate danger or a strength of character sufficient to overcome every obstacle or bitter determination to reach our goal or an iron heart capable of withstanding every internal and external battle. So it will be today. My task is to give you an unvarnished picture of the situation and to draw the hard conclusions that will guide the actions of the German government but also of the German people.
We face a serious military challenge in the East. The crisis is at the moment a broad one similar but not identical in many ways to that of the previous winter. Later we will discuss the causes. Now we must accept things as they are and discover and apply the ways and means to turn things again in our favor. There is no point in disputing the seriousness of the situation. I do not want to give you a false impression of the situation that could lead to false conclusions perhaps giving the German people a false sense of security that is altogether inappropriate in the present situation.
The storm raging against our venerable continent from the steppes this winter overshadows all previous human and historical experience. The German army and its allies are the only possible defense. In his proclamation on 30 January the Führer asked in a grave and compelling way what would have become of Germany and Europe if on 30 January 1933 a bourgeois or democratic government had taken power instead of the National Socialists! What dangers would have followed faster than we could then have suspected and what powers of defense would we have had to meet them? Ten years of National Socialism have been enough to make plain to the German people the seriousness of the danger posed by Bolshevism from the East. Now one can understand why we spoke so often of the fight against Bolshevism at our Nuremberg party rallies. We raised our voices in warning to our German people and the world hoping to awaken Western humanity from the paralysis of will and spirit into which it had fallen. We tried to open their eyes to the horrible danger from Eastern Bolshevism which had subjected a nation of nearly 200 million people to the terror of the Jews and was preparing an aggressive war against Europe.
When the Führer ordered the army to attack the East on 22 June 1941 we all knew that this would be the decisive battle of this great struggle. We knew the dangers and difficulties. But we also knew that dangers and difficulties always grow over time they never diminish. It was two minutes before midnight. Waiting any longer could easily have led to the destruction of the Reich and a total Bolshevization of the European continent.
It is understandable that as a result of broad concealment and misleading actions by the Bolshevist government we did not properly evaluate the Soviet Unions war potential. Only now do we see its true scale. That is why the battle our soldiers face in the East exceeds in its hardness dangers and difficulties all human imagining. It demands our full national strength. This is a threat to the Reich and to the European continent that casts all previous dangers into the shadows. If we fail we will have failed our historic mission. Everything we have built and done in the past pales in the face of this gigantic task that the German army directly and the German people less directly face.
I speak first to the world and proclaim three theses regarding our fight against the Bolshevist danger in the East.
This first thesis: Were the German army not in a position to break the danger from the East the Reich would fall to Bolshevism and all Europe shortly afterwards.
Second: The German army the German people and their allies alone have the strength to save Europe from this threat.
Third: Danger faces us. We must act quickly and decisively or it will be too late.
I turn to the first thesis. Bolshevism has always proclaimed its goal openly: to bring revolution not only to Europe but to the entire world and plunge it into Bolshevist chaos. This goal has been evident from the beginning of the Bolshevist Soviet Union and has been the ideological and practical goal of the Kremlins policies. Clearly the nearer Stalin and the other Soviet leaders believe they are to realizing their worlddestroying objectives the more they attempt to hide and conceal them. We cannot be fooled. We are not like those timid souls who wait like the hypnotized rabbit until the serpent devours them. We prefer to recognize the danger in good time and take effective action. We see through not only the ideology of Bolshevism but also its practice for we had great success with that in our domestic struggles. The Kremlin cannot deceive us. We had fourteen years of our struggle for power and ten years thereafter to unmask its intentions and its infamous deceptions.
The goal of Bolshevism is Jewish world revolution. They want to bring chaos to the Reich and Europe using the resulting hopelessness and desperation to establish their international Bolshevistconcealed capitalist tyranny.
I do not need to say what that would mean for the German people. A Bolshevization of the Reich would mean the liquidation of our entire intelligentsia and leadership and the descent of our workers into BolshevistJewish slavery. In Moscow they find workers for forced labor battalions in the Siberian tundra as the Führer said in his proclamation on 30 January. The revolt of the steppes is readying itself at the front and the storm from the East that breaks against our lines daily in increasing strength is nothing other than a repetition of the historical devastation that has so often in the past endangered our part of the world.
That is a direct threat to the existence of every European power. No one should believe that Bolshevism would stop at the borders of the Reich were it to be victorious. The goal of its aggressive policies and wars is the Bolshevization of every land and people in the world. In the face of such undeniable intentions we are not impressed by paper declarations from the Kremlin or guarantees from London or Washington. We know that we are dealing in the East with an infernal political devilishness that does not recognize the norms governing relations between people and nations. When for example the English Lord Beaverbrook says that Europe must be given over to the Soviets or when the leading American Jewish journalist Brown cynically adds that a Bolshevization of Europe might solve all of the continents problems we know what they have in mind. The European powers are facing the most critical question. The West is in danger. It makes no difference whether or not their governments and intellectuals realize it or not.
The German people in any event is unwilling to bow to this danger. Behind the oncoming Soviet divisions we see the Jewish liquidation commandos and behind them terror the specter of mass starvation and complete anarchy. International Jewry is the devilish ferment of decomposition that finds cynical satisfaction in plunging the world into the deepest chaos and destroying ancient cultures that it played no role in building.
We also know our historic responsibility. Two thousand years of Western civilization are in danger. One cannot overestimate the danger. It is indicative that when one names it as it is International Jewry throughout the world protests loudly. Things have gone so far in Europe that one cannot call a danger a danger when it is caused by the Jews.
That does not stop us from drawing the necessary conclusions. That is what we did in our earlier domestic battles. The democratic Jewry of the Berliner Tageblatt and the Vossischen Zeitung served communist Jewry by minimizing and downplaying a growing danger and by lulling our threatened people to sleep and reducing their ability to resist. We could see if the danger were not overcome the specter of hunger misery and forced labor by millions of Germans. We could see our venerable part of the world collapse and bury in its ruins the ancient inheritance of the West. That is the danger we face today.
My second thesis: Only the German Reich and its allies are in the position to resist this danger. The European nations including England believe that they are strong enough to resist effectively the Bolshevization of Europe should it come to that. This belief is childish and not even worth refuting. If the strongest military force in the world is not able to break the threat of Bolshevism who else could do it? The crowd in the Sportpalast shouts No one!. The neutral European nations have neither the potential nor the military means nor the spiritual strength to provide even the least resistance to Bolshevism. Bolshevisms robotic divisions would roll over them within a few days. In the capitals of the midsized and smaller European states they console themselves with the idea that one must be spiritually armed against Bolshevism laughter. That reminds us of the statements by bourgeois parties in 1932 who thought they could fight and win the battle against communism with spiritual weapons. That was too stupid even then to be worth refuting. Eastern Bolshevism is not only a doctrine of terrorism it is also the practice of terrorism. It strives for its goals with an infernal thoroughness using every resource at its disposal regardless of the welfare prosperity or peace of the peoples it ruthlessly oppresses. What would England and America do if in the worst case Europe fell into Bolshevisms arms? Will London perhaps persuade Bolshevism to stop at the English Channel? I have already said that Bolshevism has its foreign legions in the form of communist parties in every democratic nation. None of these states can think it is immune to domestic Bolshevism. In a recent byelection for the House of Commons the independent that is communist candidate got 10741 of the 22371 votes cast. This was in a district that had formerly been a conservative stronghold. Within a short time 10000 voters nearly half had been lost to the communists.
That is proof that the Bolshevist danger exists in England too and that it will not go away simply because it is ignored. We place no faith in any territorial promises that the Soviet Union may make. Bolshevism set ideological as well as military boundaries which poses a danger to every nation. The world no longer has the choice between falling back into its old fragmentation or accepting a new order for Europe under Axis leadership. The only choice now is between living under Axis protection or in a Bolshevist Europe.
I am firmly convinced that the lamenting lords and archbishops in London have not the slightest intention of resisting the Bolshevist danger that would result were the Soviet army to enter Europe. Jewry has so deeply infected the AngloSaxon states both spiritually and politically that they are no longer have the ability to see the danger. It conceals itself as Bolshevism in the Soviet Union and plutocraticcapitalism in the AngloSaxon states. The Jewish race is an expert at mimicry. They put their host peoples to sleep paralyzing their defensive abilities. Shouts from the crowd: We have experienced it!. Our insight into the matter led us to the early realization that cooperation between international plutocracy and international Bolshevism was not a contradiction but rather a sign of deep commonalities. The hand of the pseudocivilized Jewry of Western Europe shakes the hand of the Jewry of the Eastern ghettos over Germany. Europe is in deadly danger.
I do not flatter myself into believing that my remarks will influence public opinion in the neutral much less the enemy states. That is also not my goal or intention. I know that given our problems on the Eastern Front the English press tomorrow will furiously attack me with the accusation that I have made the first peace feelers loud laughter. That is certainly not so. No one in Germany thinks any longer of a cowardly compromise. The entire people thinks only of a hard war. As a spokesman for the leading nation of the continent however I claim the right to call a danger a danger if it threatens not threatens not only our own land but our entire continent. We National Socialists have the duty to sound the alarm against International Jewrys attempt to plunge the European continent into chaos and to warn that Jewry has in Bolshevism a terroristic military power whose danger cannot be overestimated.
My third thesis is that the danger is immediate. The paralysis of the Western European democracies before their deadliest threat is frightening. International Jewry is doing all it can to encourage such paralysis. During our struggle for power in Germany Jewish newspapers tried to conceal the danger until National Socialism awakened the people. It is just the same today in other nations. Jewry once again reveals itself as the incarnation of evil as the plastic demon of decay and the bearer of an international culturedestroying chaos.
This explains by the way our consistent Jewish policies. We see Jewry as a direct threat to every nation. We do not care what other peoples do about the danger. What we do to defend ourselves is our own business however and we will not tolerate objections from others. Jewry is a contagious infection. Enemy nations may raise hypocritical protests against our measures against Jewry and cry crocodile tears but that will not stop us from doing that which is necessary. Germany in any event has no intention of bowing before this threat but rather intends to take the most radical measures if necessary in good time After this sentence the chants of the audience prevent the minister from going on for several minutes.
The military challenges of the Reich in the East are at the center of everything. The war of mechanized robots against Germany and Europe has reached its high point. In resisting the grave and direct threat with its weapons the German people and its Axis allies are fulfilling in the truest sense of the word a European mission. Our courageous and just battle against this worldwide plague will not be hindered by the worldwide outcry of International Jewry. It can and must end only with victory Here there are loud shouts: German men to arms! German women to work!.
The tragic battle of Stalingrad is a symbol of heroic manly resistance to the revolt of the steppes. It has not only a military but also an intellectual and spiritual significance for the German people. Here for the first time our eyes have been opened to the true nature of the war. We want no more false hopes and illusions. We want bravely to look the facts in the face however hard and dreadful they may be. The history of our party and our state has proven that a danger recognized is a danger defeated. Our coming hard battles in the East will be under the sign of this heroic resistance. It will require previously undreamed of efforts by our soldiers and our weapons. A merciless war is raging in the East. The Führer was right when he said that in the end there will not be winners and losers but the living and the dead.
The German nation knows that. Its healthy instincts have led it through the daily confusion of intellectual and spiritual difficulties. We know today that the Blitzkrieg in Poland and the campaign in the West have only limited significance to the battle in the East. The German nation is fighting for everything it has. We know that the German people are defending their holiest possessions: their families women and children the beautiful and untouched countryside their cities and villages their two thousand year old culture everything indeed that makes life worth living.
Bolshevism of course has not the slightest appreciation for our nations treasures and would take no heed of them whatsoever if it came to that. It did not do so even for its own people. The Soviet Union over the last 25 years built up Bolshevisms military potential to an unimaginable degree and one we falsely evaluated. Terrorist Jewry had 200 million people to serve it in Russia. It cynically used its methods on to create out of the stolid toughness of the Russian people a grave danger for the civilized nations of Europe. A whole nation in the East was driven to battle. Men women and even children are employed not only in armaments factories but in the war itself. 200 million live under the terror of the GPU partially captives of a devilish viewpoint partially of absolute stupidity. The masses of tanks we have faced on the Eastern Front are the result of 25 years of social misfortune and misery of the Bolshevist people. We have to respond with similar measures if we do not want to give up the game as lost.
My firm conviction is that we cannot overcome the Bolshevist danger unless we use equivalent though not identical methods. The German people face the gravest demand of the war namely of finding the determination to use all our resources to protect everything we have and everything we will need in the future.
Total war is the demand of the hour. We must put an end to the bourgeois attitude that we have also seen in this war: Wash my back but dont get me wet! Every sentence is met with growing applause and agreement. The danger facing us is enormous. The efforts we take to meet it must be just as enormous. The time has come to remove the kid gloves and use our fists. A cry of elemental agreement rises. Chants from the galleries and seats testify to the full approval of the crowd. We can no longer make only partial and careless use of the war potential at home and in the significant parts of Europe that we control. We must use our full resources as quickly and thoroughly as it is organizationally and practically possible. Unnecessary concern is wholly out of place. The future of Europe hangs on our success in the East. We are ready to defend it. The German people are shedding their most valuable national blood in this battle. The rest of Europe should at least work to support us. There are many serious voices in Europe that have already realized this. Others still resist. That cannot influence us. If danger faced them alone we could view their reluctance as literary nonsense of no significance. But the danger faces us all and we must all do our share. Those who today do not understand that will thank us tomorrow on bended knees that we courageously and firmly took on the task.
It bothers us not in the least that our enemies abroad claim that our total war measures resemble those of Bolshevism. They claim hypocritically that that means there is no need to fight Bolshevism. The question here is not one of method but of the goal namely eliminating the danger. Applause for several minutes The question is not whether the methods are good or bad but whether they are successful. The National Socialist government is ready to use every means. We do not care if anyone objects. We are not willing to weaken Germanys war potential by measures that maintain a high almost peacetime standard of living for a certain class thereby endangering our war effort. We are voluntarily giving up a significant part of our living standard to increase our war effort as quickly and completely as possible. This is not an end in itself but rather a means to an end. Our social standard of living will be even higher after the war. We do not need to imitate Bolshevist methods because we have better people and leaders which gives us a great advantage. But things have shown that we must do much more than we have done so far to turn the war in the East decisively in our favor.
As countless letters from the homeland and the front have shown by the way the entire German people agrees. Everyone knows that if we lose all will be destroyed. The people and leadership are determined to take the most radical measures. The broad working masses of our people are not unhappy because the government is too ruthless. If anything they are unhappy because it is too considerate. Ask anyone in Germany and he will say: The most radical is just radical enough and the most total is just total enough to gain victory.
This naturally assumes that the burdens are shared equally. Loud approval We cannot tolerate a situation in which most people carry the burden of the war while a small passive portion attempts to escape its burdens and responsibilities. The measures we have taken and the ones we will yet take will be characterized by the spirit of National Socialist justice. We pay no heed to class or standing. Rich and poor high and low must share the burdens equally. Everyone must do his duty in this grave hour whether by choice or otherwise. We know this has the full support of the people. We would rather do too much rather than too little to achieve victory. No war in history has ever been lost because of too many soldiers or weapons. Many however have been lost because the opposite was true.
It is time to get the slackers moving. Stormy agreement They must be shaken out of their comfortable ease. We cannot wait until they come to their senses. That might be too late. The alarm must sound throughout the nation. Millions of hands must get to work throughout the country. The measures we have taken and the ones we will now take and which I shall discuss later in this speech are critical for our whole public and private life. The individual may have to make great sacrifices but they are tiny when compared to the sacrifices he would have to make if his refusal brought down on us the greatest national disaster. It is better to operate at the right time than to wait until the disease has taken root. One may not complain to the doctor or sue him for bodily injury. He cuts not to kill but to save the patients life.
Again let me say that the heavier the sacrifices the German people must make the more urgent it is that they be fairly shared. The people want it that way. No one resists even the heaviest burdens of war. But it angers people when a few always try to escape the burdens. The National Socialist government has both the moral and political duty to oppose such attempts if necessary with draconian penalties. Agreement Leniency here would be completely out of place leading in time to a confusion in the peoples emotions and attitudes that would be a grave danger to our public morale.
We are therefore compelled to adopt a series of measures that are not essential for the war effort in themselves but seem necessary to maintain moral at home and at the front. The optics of the war that is how things outwardly appear is of decisive importance in this fourth year of war. In view of the superhuman sacrifices that the front makes each day it has a basic right to expect that no one at home claims the right to ignore the war and its demands. And not only the front demands this but the overwhelming part of the homeland. The industrious have a right to expect that if they work ten or twelve or fourteen hours a day a lazy person does not stand next to them who thinks them foolish. The homeland must stay pure and intact in its entirety. Nothing may disturb the picture.
We have also closed luxury restaurants that demand far more resources than is reasonable. It may be that an occasional person thinks that even during war his stomach is the most important thing. We cannot pay him any heed. At the front everyone from the simple soldier to the general field marshal eats from the field kitchen. I do not believe that it is asking too much to insist that we in the homeland pay heed to at least the basic laws of community thinking. We can become gourmets once again when the war is over. Right now we have more important things to do than worry about our stomachs.
Countless luxury stores have also been closed. They often offended the buying public. There was generally nothing to buy unless perhaps one paid here and there with butter or eggs instead of money. What good do shops do that no longer have anything to sell but only use electricity heating and human labor that is lacking everywhere else particularly in the armaments industry.
It is no excuse to say that keeping some of these shops open gives a lovely impression to foreigners. Foreigners will be impressed only by a German victory! Stormy applause. Everyone will want to be our friend if we win the war. But if we lose we will be able to count our friends on the fingers of one hand. We have put an end to such illusions. We want to put these people standing in empty shops to useful work in the war economy. This process is already in motion and will be completed by 15 March. It is of course a major transformation in our entire economic life. We are following a plan. We do not want to accuse anyone unjustly or open them to complaints and accusations from every side. We are only doing what is necessary. But we are doing it quickly and thoroughly.
Government offices will work faster and less bureaucratically. It does not leave a good impression when the office closes on the dot after eight hours. The people are not there for the offices the offices are there for the people. One has to work until the work is done. That is a requirement of the war. If the Führer can do that so can his paid employees. If there is not enough work to fill the extended hours 10 or 20 or 30 percent of the workers can be transferred to war production and replace other men for service at the front. That applies to all offices in the homeland. That by itself may make the work in some offices go more quickly and easily. We must learn from the war to operate quickly not only thoroughly. The soldier at the front does not have weeks to think things over to pass his thoughts up the line or let them sit in dusty files. He must act immediately or lose his life. In the homeland we do not lose our lives if we work slowly but we do endanger the life of our people.
Everyone must learn to pay heed to war morale and pay attention to the just demands of working and fighting people. We are not spoilsports but neither will we tolerate those who hinder our efforts.
It is for example intolerable that certain men and women stay for weeks in spas and trade rumors taking places away from soldiers on leave or from workers who are entitled to a vacation after a year of hard work. That is intolerable and we have put an end to it. The war is not a time for amusement. Until it is over we take our deepest satisfaction in work and battle. Those who do not understand that by themselves must be taught to understand it and forced if need be. The harshest measures may be needed.
It does not look good for example when we devote enormous propaganda to the theme: Wheels must roll for victory! with the result that people avoid unnecessary travel only to see unemployed pleasureseekers find more room for themselves in the trains. The railroad serves to transport war goods and travelers on war business. Only those who need a rest from hard work deserve a vacation. The Führer has not had a day of vacation since the war began. Since the first man of the country takes his duty so seriously and responsibly it must be expected that every citizen will follow his example.
On the other hand the government is doing all it can to give working people the relaxation they need in these trying times. Theaters movie houses and music halls remain in full operation. The radio is working to expand and improve its programming. We have no intention of inflicting a gray winter mood on our people. That which serves the people and keeps up its fighting and working strength is good and essential to the war effort. We want to eliminate the opposite. To balance the measures I have already discussed I have therefore ordered that cultural and spiritual establishments that serve the people not be decreased but increased. As long as they aid rather than harm the war effort they must be supported by the government. That applies to sports as well. Sports are not only for particular circles today but a matter for the entire people. Military exemptions for athletes are out of place. The purpose of sports is to steel the body certainly with the goal of using it appropriately in time of the peoples greatest need.
The front shares our desires. The entire German people agrees passionately. It is no longer willing to put up with efforts that only waste time and resources. It will not put up with complicated questionnaires on every possible issue. It does not want to worry about a thousand minor matters that may have been important in peace but are entirely unimportant during war. It also does not need to be constantly reminded of its duty by references to the great sacrifices of our soldiers at Stalingrad. It knows what it has to do. It wants everyone high and low rich and poor to share a spartan life style. The Führer gives us all an example one that must be followed by everyone. He knows only work and care. We do not want to leave it all to him but rather we want to take that part of it from him which we are able to bear.
The present day has a remarkable resemblance for every genuine National Socialist to the period of struggle. We have always acted in the same way. We were with the people through thick and thin and that is why the people followed us. We have always carried our burdens together with the people and therefore they did not seem heavy to us but rather light. The people want to be led. Never in history has the people failed a brave and determined leadership a critical hour.
Let me say a few words in this regard about practical measures in our total war effort that we have already taken.
The problem is freeing soldiers for the front and freeing workers for the armaments industry. These are the primary goals even at the cost of our standard of social life. This does not mean a permanent decline in our standard of living. It is only a means to reaching an end that of total war.
As part of this campaign hundreds of thousands of military exemptions have been canceled. These exemptions were given because we did not have enough skilled labor to fill the positions that would have been left open by revoking them. The reason for our current measures is to mobilize the necessary workers. That is why we have appealed to men not working in the war economy and to women who were not working at all. They will not and cannot ignore our call. The duty for women to work is broad. That does not however mean that only those included in the law have to work. Anyone is welcome. The more who join the war effort the more soldiers we can free for the front.
Our enemies maintain that German women are not able to replace men in the war economy. That may be true for certain fields of heavy labor. But I am convinced that the German woman is determined to fill the spot left by the man leaving for the front and to do so as soon as possible. We do not need to point out Bolshevisms example. For years millions of the best German women have been working successfully in war production and they wait impatiently to be joined and assisted by others. All those who join in the work are only giving the proper thanks to those at the front. Hundreds of thousands have already joined and hundreds of thousands more will join. We hope soon to free up armies of workers who will in turn free up armies of fighting front soldiers.
I would think little of German women if I believed that they do not want to listen to my appeal. They will not seek to follow the letter of the law or to slip through its loopholes. They few who may try will not succeed. We will not accept a doctors excuse. Nor will we accept the alibi that one must help ones husband or relative or good friend as a way of avoiding work. We will respond appropriately. The few who may attempt it will only lose the respect of those around them. The people will despise them. No one expects a woman lacking the requisite physical strength to go to work in a tank factory. There are however numerous jobs in war production that do not demand great physical strength and which a woman can do even if she comes from the better circles. No one is too good to work and we all have the choice to give up what we have or to lose everything.
It is also time to ask women with household help if they really need it. One can take care of the house and children oneself freeing the servant for other tasks or leave the house and children in care of the servant or the NSV the party welfare organization and go to work oneself. Life may not be as pleasant as it is during peace. But we are not at peace we are at war. We can be comfortable after we have won the war. Now we must sacrifice our comforts to gain victory.
Soldiers wives surely understand this. They know it is their duty to their husbands to support them by doing work that is important to the war effort. That is true above all in agriculture. The wives of farmers must set a good example. Both men and women must be sure that no one does less during war than they did in peace; more work must instead be done in every area.
One may not by the way make the mistake of leaving everything to the government. The government can only set the broad guidelines. To give life to those guidelines is the job of working people under the inspiring leadership of the party. Fast action is essential.
One must go beyond the legal requirements. Volunteer! is the slogan. As Gauleiter of Berlin I appeal here above all to my fellow Berliners. They have given enough good examples of noble behavior and bravery during the war such that they will not fail here. Their practical behavior and good cheer even during war have earned them a good name throughout the world. This good name must be maintained and strengthened! If I appeal to my fellow Berliners to do some important work quickly thoroughly and without complaint I know they will all obey. We do not want to complain about the difficulties of the day or grump to one another. Rather we want to behave not only like Berliners but like Germans by getting to work acting seizing the initiative and doing something not leaving it to someone else.
What German woman would want to ignore my appeal on behalf of those fighting at the front? Who would want to put personal comfort above national duty? Who in view of the serious threat we face would want to consider his private needs instead of the requirements of the war?
I reject with contempt the enemys claim that we are imitating Bolshevism. We do not want to imitate Bolshevism we want to defeat it with whatever means are necessary. The German woman will best understand what I mean for she has long known that the war our men are fighting today above all is a war to protect her children. Her holiest possession is guarded by our peoples most valuable blood. The German woman must spontaneously proclaim her solidarity with her fighting men. She had better join the ranks of millions of workers in the homelands army and do it tomorrow rather than the day after tomorrow. A river of readiness must flow through the German people. I expect that countless women and above all men who are not doing essential war work will report to the authorities. He who gives quickly gives twice as much.
Our general economy is consolidating. That particularly affects the insurance and banking systems the tax system newspapers and magazines that are not essential for the war effort and nonessential party and government activities and also requires a further simplification of our life style.
I know that many of our people are making great sacrifices. I understand their sacrifices and the government is trying to keep them to the necessary minimum. But some must remain and must be borne. When the war is over we will build up that which we now are eliminating more generously and more beautifully and the state will lend its hand.
I energetically reject the charge that our measures will eliminate the middle class or result in a monopoly economy. The middle class will regain its economic and social position after the war. The current measures are necessary for the war effort. They aim not at a structural transformation of the economy but merely at winning the war as quickly as possible.
I do not dispute the fact that these measures will cause worry in the coming weeks. They will give us breathing room. We are laying the groundwork for the coming summer without paying heed to the threats and boasting of the enemy. I am happy to reveal this plan for victory Stormy applause to the German people. They not only accept these measures they have demanded them demanded them more strongly than ever before during the war. The people want action! It is time for it! We must use our time to prepare for coming surprises.
I turn now to the entire German people and particularly to the party as the leader of the totalization of our domestic war effort. This is not the first major task you have faced. You will bring the usual revolutionary élan to bear on it. You will deal with the laziness and indolence that may occasionally show up. The government has issued general regulations and will issue further ones in coming weeks. The minor issues not dealt with in these regulations must be taken care of by the people under the partys leadership. One moral law stands above everything for each of us: to do nothing that harms the war effort and to do everything that brings victory nearer.
In past years we have often recalled the example of Frederick the Great in newspapers and on the radio. We did not have the right to do so. For a while during the Third Silesian War Frederick II had five million Prussians according to Schlieffen standing against 90 million enemies. In the second of seven hellish years he suffered a defeat that shook Prussias foundations. He never had enough soldiers and weapons to fight without risking everything. His strategy was always one of improvisation. But his principle was to attack the enemy whenever it was possible. He suffered defeats but that was not decisive. What was decisive is that the Great King remained unbroken that he was unshaken by the changing fortunes of war that his strong heart overcame every danger. At the end of seven years of war he was 51 years old he had no teeth he suffered from gout and was tortured by a thousand pains but he stood above the devastated battlefield as the victor. How does our situation compare with his?! Let us show the same will and decisiveness as he and when the time comes do as he did remaining unshakable through all the twists of fate and like him win the battle even under the most unfavorable circumstances. Let us never doubt our great cause.
The English and American press in recent days has been writing at length about the attitude of the German people during this crisis. The English seem to think that they know the German people much better than we do its own leadership. They give hypocritical advice on what we should do and not do. They believe that the German people today is the same as the German people of November 1918 that fell victim to their persuasive wiles. I do not need to disprove their assertions. That will come from the fighting and working German people.
The English maintain that the German people has lost faith in victory.
I ask you: Do you believe with the Führer and us in the final total victory of the German people?
I ask you: Are you resolved to follow the Führer through thick and thin to victory and are you willing to accept the heaviest personal burdens?
Second The English say that the German people are tired of fighting.
I ask you: Are you ready to follow the Führer as the phalanx of the homeland standing behind the fighting army and to wage war with wild determination through all the turns of fate until victory is ours?
Third: The English maintain that the German people have no desire any longer to accept the governments growing demands for war work.
I ask you: Are you and the German people willing to work if the Führer orders 10 12 and if necessary 14 hours a day and to give everything for victory?
I ask you: Do you want total war? If necessary do you want a war more total and radical than anything that we can even imagine today?
Fifth: The English maintain that the German people have lost faith in the Führer.
Sixth I ask you: Are you ready from now on to give your full strength to provide the Eastern Front with the men and munitions it needs to give Bolshevism the death blow?
Seventh I ask you: Do you take a holy oath to the front that the homeland stands firm behind them and that you will give them everything they need to win the victory?
Eighth I ask you: Do you especially you women want the government to do all it can to encourage German women to put their full strength at work to support the war effort and to release men for the front whenever possible thereby helping the men at the front?
Ninth I ask you: Do you approve if necessary the most radical measures against a small group of shirkers and black marketers who pretend there is peace in the middle of war and use the need of the nation for their own selfish purposes? Do you agree that those who harm the war effort should lose their heads?
Tenth and lastly I ask you: Do you agree that above all in war according to the National Socialist Party platform the same rights and duties should apply to all that the homeland should bear the heavy burdens of the war together and that the burdens should be shared equally between high and low and rich and poor?
I have asked; you have given me your answers. You are part of the people and your answers are those of the German people. You have told our enemies what they needed to hear so that they will have no illusions or false ideas.
Now just as in the first hours of our rule and through the ten years that followed we are bound firmly in brotherhood with the German people. The most powerful ally on earth the people itself stands behind us and is determined to follow the Führer come what may. They will accept the heaviest burdens to gain victory. What power on earth can hinder us from reaching our goal. Now we must and will succeed! I stand before you not only as the spokesman of the government but as the spokesman of the people. My old party friends are here around me clothed with the high offices of the people and the government. Party comrade Speer sits next to me. The Führer has given him the great task of mobilizing the German armaments industry and supplying the front with all the weapons it needs. Party comrade Dr. Ley sits next to me. The Führer has charged him with the leadership of the German work force with schooling and training them in untiring work for the war effort. We feel deeply indebted to our party comrade Sauckel who has been charged by the Führer to bring hundreds of thousands of workers to the Reich to support our national economy something the enemy cannot do. All the leaders of the party the army and government join with us as well.
We are all children of our people forged together by this most critical hour of our national history. We promise you we promise the front we promise the Führer that we will mold together the homeland into a force on which the Führer and his fighting soldiers can rely on absolutely and blindly. We pledge to do all in our life and work that is necessary for victory. We will fill our hearts with the political passion with the everburning fire that blazed during the great struggles of the party and the state. Never during this war will we fall prey to the false and hypocritical objectivism that has brought the German nation so much misfortune over its history.
When the war began we turned our eyes to the nation alone. That which serves its struggle for life is good and must be encouraged. What harms its struggle for life is bad and must be eliminated and cut out. With burning hearts and cool heads we will overcome the major problems of this phase of the war. We are on the way to final victory. That victory rests on our faith in the Führer.
This evening I once again remind the whole nation of its duty. The Führer expects us to do that which will throw all we have done in the past into the shadows. We do not want to fail him. As we are proud of him he should be proud of us.
Now people rise up and let the storm break loose!
I am glad to come to Westminster College this afternoon and am complimented that you should give me a degree. The name Westminster is somehow familiar to me. I seem to have heard of it before. Indeed it was at Westminster that I received a very large part of my education in politics dialectic rhetoric and one or two other things. In fact we have both been educated at the same or similar or at any rate kindred establishments.
It is also an honour perhaps almost unique for a private visitor to be introduced to an academic audience by the President of the United States. Amid his heavy burdens duties and responsibilities  unsought but not recoiled from  the President has travelled a thousand miles to dignify and magnify our meeting here today and to give me an opportunity of addressing this kindred nation as well as my own countrymen across the ocean and perhaps some other countries too. The President has told you that it is his wish as I am sure it is yours that I should have full liberty to give my true and faithful counsel in these anxious and baffling times. I shall certainly avail myself of this freedom and feel the more right to do so because any private ambitions I may have cherished in my younger days have been satisfied beyond my wildest dreams. Let me however make it clear that I have no official mission or status of any kind and that I speak only for myself. There is nothing here but what you see.
I can therefore allow my mind with the experience of a lifetime to play over the problems which beset us on the morrow of our absolute victory in arms and to try to make sure with what strength I have that what has been gained with so much sacrifice and suffering shall be preserved for the future glory and safety of mankind.
The United States stands at this time at the pinnacle of world power. It is a solemn moment for the American Democracy. For with primacy in power is also joined an aweinspiring accountability to the future. If you look around you you must feel not only the sense of duty done but also you must feel anxiety lest you fall below the level of achievement. Opportunity is here now clear and shining for both our countries. To reject it or ignore it or fritter it away will bring upon us all the long reproaches of the aftertime. It is necessary that constancy of mind persistency of purpose and the grand simplicity of decision shall guide and rule the conduct of the Englishspeaking peoples in peace as they did in war. We must and I believe we shall prove ourselves equal to this severe requirement. When American military men approach some serious situation they are wont to write at the head of their directive the words overall strategic concept. There is wisdom in this as it leads to clarity of thought. What then is the overall strategic concept which we should inscribe today? It is nothing less than the safety and welfare the freedom and progress of all the homes and families of all the men and women in all the lands. And here I speak particularly of the myriad cottage or apartment homes where the wageearner strives amid the accidents and difficulties of life to guard his wife and children from privation and bring the family up in the fear of the Lord or upon ethical conceptions which often play their potent part.
To give security to these countless homes they must be shielded from the two giant marauders war and tyranny. We all know the frightful disturbances in which the ordinary family is plunged when the curse of war swoops down upon the breadwinner and those for whom he works and contrives. The awful ruin of Europe with all its vanished glories and of large parts of Asia glares us in the eyes. When the designs of wicked men or the aggressive urge of mighty States dissolve over large areas the frame of civilised society humble folk are confronted with difficulties with which they cannot cope. For them all is distorted all is broken even ground to pulp. When I stand here this quiet afternoon I shudder to visualise what is actually happening to millions now and what is going to happen in this period when famine stalks the earth. None can compute what has been called the unestimated sum of human pain. Our supreme task and duty is to guard the homes of the common people from the horrors and miseries of another war. We are all agreed on that.
Our American military colleagues after having proclaimed their overall strategic concept and computed available resources always proceed to the next step  namely the method. Here again there is widespread agreement. A world organisation has already been erected for the prime purpose of preventing war UNO the successor of the League of Nations with the decisive addition of the United States and all that that means is already at work. We must make sure that its work is fruitful that it is a reality and not a sham that it is a force for action and not merely a frothing of words that it is a true temple of peace in which the shields of many nations can some day be hung up and not merely a cockpit in a Tower of Babel. Before we cast away the solid assurances of national armaments for selfpreservation we must be certain that our temple is built not upon shifting sands or quagmires but upon the rock. Anyone can see with his eyes open that our path will be difficult and also long but if we persevere together as we did in the two world wars  though not alas in the interval between them  I cannot doubt that we shall achieve our common purpose in the end.
I have however a definite and practical proposal to make for action. Courts and magistrates may be set up but they cannot function without sheriffs and constables. The United Nations Organisation must immediately begin to be equipped with an international armed force. In such a matter we can only go step by step but we must begin now. I propose that each of the Powers and States should be invited to delegate a certain number of air squadrons to the service of the world organisation. These squadrons would be trained and prepared in their own countries but would move around in rotation from one country to another. They would wear the uniform of their own countries but with different badges. They would not be required to act against their own nation but in other respects they would be directed by the world organisation. This might be started on a modest scale and would grow as confidence grew. I wished to see this done after the first world war and I devoutly trust it may be done forthwith.
It would nevertheless be wrong and imprudent to entrust the secret knowledge or experience of the atomic bomb which the United States Great Britain and Canada now share to the world organisation while it is still in its infancy. It would be criminal madness to cast it adrift in this still agitated and ununited world. No one in any country has slept less well in their beds because this knowledge and the method and the raw materials to apply it are at present largely retained in American hands. I do not believe we should all have slept so soundly had the positions been reversed and if some Communist or neoFascist State monopolised for the time being these dread agencies. The fear of them alone might easily have been used to enforce totalitarian systems upon the free democratic world with consequences appalling to human imagination. God has willed that this shall not be and we have at least a breathing space to set our house in order before this peril has to be encountered: and even then if no effort is spared we should still possess so formidable a superiority as to impose effective deterrents upon its employment or threat of employment by others. Ultimately when the essential brotherhood of man is truly embodied and expressed in a world organisation with all the necessary practical safeguards to make it effective these powers would naturally be confided to that world organisation.
Now I come to the second danger of these two marauders which threatens the cottage the home and the ordinary people  namely tyranny. We cannot be blind to the fact that the liberties enjoyed by individual citizens throughout the British Empire are not valid in a considerable number of countries some of which are very powerful. In these States control is enforced upon the common people by various kinds of allembracing police governments. The power of the State is exercised without restraint either by dictators or by compact oligarchies operating through a privileged party and a political police. It is not our duty at this time when difficulties are so numerous to interfere forcibly in the internal affairs of countries which we have not conquered in war. But we must never cease to proclaim in fearless tones the great principles of freedom and the rights of man which are the joint inheritance of the Englishspeaking world and which through Magna Carta the Bill of Rights the Habeas Corpus trial by jury and the English common law find their most famous expression in the American Declaration of Independence.
All this means that the people of any country have the right and should have the power by constitutional action by free unfettered elections with secret ballot to choose or change the character or form of government under which they dwell; that freedom of speech and thought should reign; that courts of justice independent of the executive unbiased by any party should administer laws which have received the broad assent of large majorities or are consecrated by time and custom. Here are the title deeds of freedom which should lie in every cottage home. Here is the message of the British and American peoples to mankind. Let us preach what we practise  let us practise what we preach.
I have now stated the two great dangers which menace the homes of the people: War and Tyranny. I have not yet spoken of poverty and privation which are in many cases the prevailing anxiety. But if the dangers of war and tyranny are removed there is no doubt that science and cooperation can bring in the next few years to the world certainly in the next few decades newly taught in the sharpening school of war an expansion of material wellbeing beyond anything that has yet occurred in human experience. Now at this sad and breathless moment we are plunged in the hunger and distress which are the aftermath of our stupendous struggle; but this will pass and may pass quickly and there is no reason except human folly of subhuman crime which should deny to all the nations the inauguration and enjoyment of an age of plenty. I have often used words which I learned fifty years ago from a great IrishAmerican orator a friend of mine Mr. Bourke Cockran. There is enough for all. The earth is a generous mother; she will provide in plentiful abundance food for all her children if they will but cultivate her soil in justice and in peace. So far I feel that we are in full agreement.
Now while still pursuing the method of realising our overall strategic concept I come to the crux of what I have travelled here to say. Neither the sure prevention of war nor the continuous rise of world organisation will be gained without what I have called the fraternal association of the Englishspeaking peoples. This means a special relationship between the British Commonwealth and Empire and the United States. This is no time for generalities and I will venture to be precise. Fraternal association requires not only the growing friendship and mutual understanding between our two vast but kindred systems of society but the continuance of the intimate relationship between our military advisers leading to common study of potential dangers the similarity of weapons and manuals of instructions and to the interchange of officers and cadets at technical colleges. It should carry with it the continuance of the present facilities for mutual security by the joint use of all Naval and Air Force bases in the possession of either country all over the world. This would perhaps double the mobility of the American Navy and Air Force. It would greatly expand that of the British Empire Forces and it might well lead if and as the world calms down to important financial savings. Already we use together a large number of islands; more may well be entrusted to our joint care in the near future.
The United States has already a Permanent Defence Agreement with the Dominion of Canada which is so devotedly attached to the British Commonwealth and Empire. This Agreement is more effective than many of those which have often been made under formal alliances. This principle should be extended to all British Commonwealths with full reciprocity. Thus whatever happens and thus only shall we be secure ourselves and able to work together for the high and simple causes that are dear to us and bode no ill to any. Eventually there may come  I feel eventually there will come  the principle of common citizenship but that we may be content to leave to destiny whose outstretched arm many of us can already clearly see.
There is however an important question we must ask ourselves. Would a special relationship between the United States and the British Commonwealth be inconsistent with our overriding loyalties to the World Organisation? I reply that on the contrary it is probably the only means by which that organisation will achieve its full stature and strength. There are already the special United States relations with Canada which I have just mentioned and there are the special relations between the United States and the South American Republics. We British have our twenty years Treaty of Collaboration and Mutual Assistance with Soviet Russia. I agree with Mr. Bevin the Foreign Secretary of Great Britain that it might well be a fifty years Treaty so far as we are concerned. We aim at nothing but mutual assistance and collaboration. The British have an alliance with Portugal unbroken since 1384 and which produced fruitful results at critical moments in the late war. None of these clash with the general interest of a world agreement or a world organisation; on the contrary they help it. In my fathers house are many mansions. Special associations between members of the United Nations which have no aggressive point against any other country which harbour no design incompatible with the Charter of the United Nations far from being harmful are beneficial and as I believe indispensable. I spoke earlier of the Temple of Peace. Workmen from all countries must build that temple. If two of the workmen know each other particularly well and are old friends if their families are intermingled and if they have faith in each others purpose hope in each others future and charity towards each others shortcomings  to quote some good words I read here the other day  why cannot they work together at the common task as friends and partners? Why cannot they share their tools and thus increase each others working powers? Indeed they must do so or else the temple may not be built or being built it may collapse and we shall all be proved again unteachable and have to go and try to learn again for a third time in a school of war incomparably more rigorous than that from which we have just been released. The dark ages may return the Stone Age may return on the gleaming wings of science and what might now shower immeasurable material blessings upon mankind may even bring about its total destruction. Beware I say; time may be short. Do not let us take the course of allowing events to drift along until it is too late. If there is to be a fraternal association of the kind I have described with all the extra strength and security which both our countries can derive from it let us make sure that that great fact is known to the world and that it plays its part in steadying and stabilising the foundations of peace. There is the path of wisdom. Prevention is better than cure.
A shadow has fallen upon the scenes so lately lighted by the Allied victory. Nobody knows what Soviet Russia and its Communist international organisation intends to do in the immediate future or what are the limits if any to their expansive and proselytising tendencies. I have a strong admiration and regard for the valiant Russian people and for my wartime comrade Marshal Stalin. There is deep sympathy and goodwill in Britain  and I doubt not here also  towards the peoples of all the Russias and a resolve to persevere through many differences and rebuffs in establishing lasting friendships. We understand the Russian need to be secure on her western frontiers by the removal of all possibility of German aggression. We welcome Russia to her rightful place among the leading nations of the world. We welcome her flag upon the seas. Above all we welcome constant frequent and growing contacts between the Russian people and our own people on both sides of the Atlantic. It is my duty however for I am sure you would wish me to state the facts as I see them to you to place before you certain facts about the present position in Europe. From Stettin in the Baltic to Trieste in the Adriatic an iron curtain has descended across the Continent. Behind that line lie all the capitals of the ancient states of Central and Eastern Europe. Warsaw Berlin Prague Vienna Budapest Belgrade Bucharest and Sofia all these famous cities and the populations around them lie in what I must call the Soviet sphere and all are subject in one form or another not only to Soviet influence but to a very high and in many cases increasing measure of control from Moscow. Athens alone  Greece with its immortal glories  is free to decide its future at an election under British American and French observation. The Russiandominated Polish Government has been encouraged to make enormous and wrongful inroads upon Germany and mass expulsions of millions of Germans on a scale grievous and undreamedof are now taking place. The Communist parties which were very small in all these Eastern States of Europe have been raised to preeminence and power far beyond their numbers and are seeking everywhere to obtain totalitarian control. Police governments are prevailing in nearly every case and so far except in Czechoslovakia there is no true democracy. Turkey and Persia are both profoundly alarmed and disturbed at the claims which are being made upon them and at the pressure being exerted by the Moscow Government. An attempt is being made by the Russians in Berlin to build up a quasiCommunist party in their zone of Occupied Germany by showing special favours to groups of leftwing German leaders. At the end of the fighting last June the American and British Armies withdrew westwards in accordance with an earlier agreement to a depth at some points of 150 miles upon a front of nearly four hundred miles in order to allow our Russian allies to occupy this vast expanse of territory which the Western Democracies had conquered.
If now the Soviet Government tries by separate action to build up a proCommunist Germany in their areas this will cause new serious difficulties in the British and American zones and will give the defeated Germans the power of putting themselves up to auction between the Soviets and the Western Democracies. Whatever conclusions may be drawn from these facts  and facts they are  this is certainly not the Liberated Europe we fought to build up. Nor is it one which contains the essentials of permanent peace.
The safety of the world requires a new unity in Europe from which no nation should be permanently outcast. It is from the quarrels of the strong parent races in Europe that the world wars we have witnessed or which occurred in former times have sprung. Twice in our own lifetime we have seen the United States against their wishes and their traditions against arguments the force of which it is impossible not to comprehend drawn by irresistible forces into these wars in time to secure the victory of the good cause but only after frightful slaughter and devastation had occurred. Twice the United States has had to send several millions of its young men across the Atlantic to find the war; but now war can find any nation wherever it may dwell between dusk and dawn. Surely we should work with conscious purpose for a grand pacification of Europe within the structure of the United Nations and in accordance with its Charter. That I feel is an open cause of policy of very great importance. In front of the iron curtain which lies across Europe are other causes for anxiety. In Italy the Communist Party is seriously hampered by having to support the Communisttrained Marshal Titos claims to former Italian territory at the head of the Adriatic.
Nevertheless the future of Italy hangs in the balance. Again one cannot imagine a regenerated Europe without a strong France. All my public life I have worked for a strong France and I never lost faith in her destiny even in the darkest hours. I will not lose faith now. However in a great number of countries far from the Russian frontiers and throughout the world Communist fifth columns are established and work in complete unity and absolute obedience to the directions they receive from the Communist centre. Except in the British Commonwealth and in the United States where Communism is in its infancy the Communist parties or fifth columns constitute a growing challenge and peril to Christian civilisation. These are sombre facts for anyone to have to recite on the morrow of a victory gained by so much splendid comradeship in arms and in the cause of freedom and democracy; but we should be most unwise not to face them squarely while time remains.
The outlook is also anxious in the Far East and especially in Manchuria. The Agreement which was made at Yalta to which I was a party was extremely favourable to Soviet Russia but it was made at a time when no one could say that the German war might not extend all through the summer and autumn of 1945 and when the Japanese war was expected to last for a further 18 months from the end of the German war. In this country you are all so wellinformed about the Far East and such devoted friends of China that I do not need to expatiate on the situation there. I have felt bound to portray the shadow which alike in the west and in the east falls upon the world.
I was a high minister at the time of the Versailles Treaty and a close friend of Mr. LloydGeorge who was the head of the British delegation at Versailles. I did not myself agree with many things that were done but I have a very strong impression in my mind of that situation and I find it painful to contrast it with that which prevails now. In those days there were high hopes and unbounded confidence that the wars were over and that the League of Nations would become allpowerful. I do not see or feel that same confidence or even the same hopes in the haggard world at the present time.
On the other hand I repulse the idea that a new war is inevitable; still more that it is imminent. It is because I am sure that our fortunes are still in our own hands and that we hold the power to save the future that I feel the duty to speak out now that I have the occasion and the opportunity to do so. I do not believe that Soviet Russia desires war. What they desire is the fruits of war and the indefinite expansion of their power and doctrines. But what we have to consider here today while time remains is the permanent prevention of war and the establishment of conditions of freedom and democracy as rapidly as possible in all countries. Our difficulties and dangers will not be removed by closing our eyes to them. They will not be removed by mere waiting to see what happens; nor will they be removed by a policy of appeasement. What is needed is a settlement and the longer this is delayed the more difficult it will be and the greater our dangers will become.
From what I have seen of our Russian friends and Allies during the war I am convinced that there is nothing they admire so much as strength and there is nothing for which they have less respect than for weakness especially military weakness. For that reason the old doctrine of a balance of power is unsound. We cannot afford if we can help it to work on narrow margins offering temptations to a trial of strength. If the Western Democracies stand together in strict adherence to the principles of the United Nations Charter their influence for furthering those principles will be immense and no one is likely to molest them. If however they become divided or falter in their duty and if these allimportant years are allowed to slip away then indeed catastrophe may overwhelm us all.
Let no man underrate the abiding power of the British Empire and Commonwealth. Because you see the 46 millions in our island harassed about their food supply of which they only grow one half even in wartime or because we have difficulty in restarting our industries and export trade after six years of passionate war effort do not suppose that we shall not come through these dark years of privation as we have come through the glorious years of agony or that half a century from now you will not see 70 or 80 millions of Britons spread about the world and united in defence of our traditions our way of life and of the world causes which you and we espouse. If the population of the Englishspeaking Commonwealths be added to that of the United States with all that such cooperation implies in the air on the sea all over the globe and in science and in industry and in moral force there will be no quivering precarious balance of power to offer its temptation to ambition or adventure. On the contrary there will be an overwhelming assurance of security. If we adhere faithfully to the Charter of the United Nations and walk forward in sedate and sober strength seeking no ones land or treasure seeking to lay no arbitrary control upon the thoughts of men; if all British moral and material forces and convictions are joined with your own in fraternal association the highroads of the future will be clear not only for us but for all not only for our time but for a century to come.
I am happy to join with you today in what will go down in history as the greatest demonstration for freedom in the history of our nation.
Five score years ago a great American in whose symbolic shadow we stand today signed the Emancipation Proclamation. This momentous decree came as a great beacon light of hope to millions of Negro slaves who had been seared in the flames of withering injustice. It came as a joyous daybreak to end the long night of their captivity.
But one hundred years later the Negro still is not free. One hundred years later the life of the Negro is still sadly crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains of discrimination. One hundred years later the Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity. One hundred years later the Negro is still languished in the corners of American society and finds himself an exile in his own land. And so weve come here today to dramatize a shameful condition.
But we refuse to believe that the bank of justice is bankrupt. We refuse to believe that there are insufficient funds in the great vaults of opportunity of this nation. And so weve come to cash this check a check that will give us upon demand the riches of freedom and the security of justice.
We have also come to this hallowed spot to remind America of the fierce urgency of Now. This is no time to engage in the luxury of cooling off or to take the tranquilizing drug of gradualism. Now is the time to make real the promises of democracy. Now is the time to rise from the dark and desolate valley of segregation to the sunlit path of racial justice. Now is the time to lift our nation from the quicksands of racial injustice to the solid rock of brotherhood. Now is the time to make justice a reality for all of Gods children.
It would be fatal for the nation to overlook the urgency of the moment. This sweltering summer of the Negros legitimate discontent will not pass until there is an invigorating autumn of freedom and equality. Nineteen sixtythree is not an end but a beginning. And those who hope that the Negro needed to blow off steam and will now be content will have a rude awakening if the nation returns to business as usual. And there will be neither rest nor tranquility in America until the Negro is granted his citizenship rights. The whirlwinds of revolt will continue to shake the foundations of our nation until the bright day of justice emerges.
But there is something that I must say to my people who stand on the warm threshold which leads into the palace of justice: In the process of gaining our rightful place we must not be guilty of wrongful deeds. Let us not seek to satisfy our thirst for freedom by drinking from the cup of bitterness and hatred. We must forever conduct our struggle on the high plane of dignity and discipline. We must not allow our creative protest to degenerate into physical violence. Again and again we must rise to the majestic heights of meeting physical force with soul force.
The marvelous new militancy which has engulfed the Negro community must not lead us to a distrust of all white people for many of our white brothers as evidenced by their presence here today have come to realize that their destiny is tied up with our destiny. And they have come to realize that their freedom is inextricably bound to our freedom.
We cannot walk alone.
And as we walk we must make the pledge that we shall always march ahead.
We cannot turn back.
I am not unmindful that some of you have come here out of great trials and tribulations. Some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells. And some of you have come from areas where your quest  quest for freedom left you battered by the storms of persecution and staggered by the winds of police brutality. You have been the veterans of creative suffering. Continue to work with the faith that unearned suffering is redemptive. Go back to Mississippi go back to Alabama go back to South Carolina go back to Georgia go back to Louisiana go back to the slums and ghettos of our northern cities knowing that somehow this situation can and will be changed.
Let us not wallow in the valley of despair I say to you today my friends.
And so even though we face the difficulties of today and tomorrow I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream.
I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood.
I have a dream that one day even the state of Mississippi a state sweltering with the heat of injustice sweltering with the heat of oppression will be transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.
I have a dream today!
I have a dream that one day down in Alabama with its vicious racists with its governor having his lips dripping with the words of interposition and nullification  one day right there in Alabama little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls as sisters and brothers.
I have a dream today!
This is our hope and this is the faith that I go back to the South with.
With this faith we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope. With this faith we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith we will be able to work together to pray together to struggle together to go to jail together to stand up for freedom together knowing that we will be free one day.
My country tis of thee sweet land of liberty of thee I sing. Land where my fathers died land of the Pilgrims pride From every mountainside let freedom ring!
And if America is to be a great nation this must become true.
And so let freedom ring from the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire.
Let freedom ring from the mighty mountains of New York.
Let freedom ring from the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania.
Let freedom ring from the snowcapped Rockies of Colorado.
Let freedom ring from the curvaceous slopes of California.
Let freedom ring from Stone Mountain of Georgia.
Let freedom ring from Lookout Mountain of Tennessee.
Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi.
From every mountainside let freedom ring.
Free at last! Free at last!
Thank God Almighty we are free at last!
100年前，一位伟大的美国人签署了解放黑奴宣言，今天我们就是在他的雕像前集会。这一庄严宣言犹如灯塔的光芒，给千百万在那摧残生命的不义之火中受煎熬的黑奴带来了希望。它之到来犹如欢乐的黎明，结束了束缚黑人的漫漫长夜。然而100年后的今天，我们必须正视黑人还没有得到自由这一悲惨的事实。100年后的今天，在种族隔离的镣铐和种族歧视的枷锁下，黑人的生活备受压榨。100年后的今天，黑人仍生活在物质充裕的海洋中一个穷困的孤岛上。100年后的今天，黑人仍然萎缩在美国社会的角落里，并且意识到自己是故土家园中的流亡者。今天我们在这里集会，就是要把这种骇人听闻的情况公诸于众。
就某种意义而言，今天我们是为了要求兑现诺言而汇集到我们国家的首都来的。我们共和国的缔造者草拟宪法和独立宣言的气壮山河的词句时，曾向每一个美国人许下了诺言，他们承诺给予所有的人以生存、自由和追求幸福的不可剥夺的权利。
就有色公民而论，美国显然没有实践她的诺言。美国没有履行这项神圣的义务，只是给黑人开了一张空头支票，支票上盖着资金不足的戳子后便退了回来。但是我们不相信正义的银行已经破产，我们不相信，在这个国家巨大的机会之库里已没有足够的储备。因此今天我们要求将支票兑现这张支票将给予我们宝贵的自由和正义的保障。
我们来到这个圣地也是为了提醒美国，现在是非常急迫的时刻。现在决非侈谈冷静下来或服用渐进主义的镇静剂的时候。现在是实现民主的诺言时候。现在是从种族隔离的荒凉阴暗的深谷攀登种族平等的光明大道的时候，现在是向上帝所有的儿女开放机会之门的时候，现在是把我们的国家从种族不平等的流沙中拯救出来，置于兄弟情谊的磐石上的时候。
如果美国忽视时间的迫切性和低估黑人的决心，那么，这对美国来说，将是致命伤。自由和平等的爽朗秋天如不到来，黑人义愤填膺的酷暑就不会过去。1963年并不意味着斗争的结束，而是开始。有人希望，黑人只要撒撒气就会满足；如果国家安之若素，毫无反应，这些人必会大失所望的。黑人得不到公民的权利，美国就不可能有安宁或平静，正义的光明的一天不到来，叛乱的旋风就将继续动摇这个国家的基础。
但是对于等候在正义之宫门口的心急如焚的人们，有些话我是必须说的。在争取合法地位的过程中，我们不要采取错误的做法。我们不要为了满足对自由的渴望而抱着敌对和仇恨之杯痛饮。我们斗争时必须永远举止得体，纪律严明。我们不能容许我们的具有崭新内容的抗议蜕变为暴力行动。我们要不断地升华到以精神力量对付物质力量的崇高境界中去。
现在黑人社会充满着了不起的新的战斗精神，但是不能因此而不信任所有的白人。因为我们的许多白人兄弟已经认识到，他们的命运与我们的命运是紧密相连的，他们今天参加游行集会就是明证。他们的自由与我们的自由是息息相关的。我们不能单独行动。
当我们行动时，我们必须保证向前进。我们不能倒退。现在有人问热心民权运动的人，你们什么时候才能满足？只要黑人仍然遭受警察难以形容的野蛮迫害，我们就绝不会满足。只要我们在外奔波而疲乏的身躯不能在公路旁的汽车旅馆和城里的旅馆找到住宿之所，我们就绝不会满足。只要黑人的基本活动范围只是从少数民族聚居的小贫民区转移到大贫民区，我们就绝不会满足。只要密西西比仍然有一个黑人不能参加选举，只要纽约有一个黑人认为他投票无济于事，我们就绝不会满足。
我并非没有注意到，参加今天集会的人中，有些受尽苦难和折磨，有些刚刚走出窄小的牢房，有些由于寻求自由，曾在居住地惨遭疯狂迫害的打击，并在警察暴行的旋风中摇摇欲坠。你们是人为痛苦的长期受难者。坚持下去吧，要坚决相信，忍受不应得的痛苦是一种赎罪。
让我们回到密西西比去，回到亚拉巴马去，回到南卡罗来纳去，回到佐治亚去，回到路易斯安那去，回到我们北方城市中的贫民区和少数民族居住区去，要心中有数，这种状况是能够也必将改变的。我们不要陷入绝望而不可自拔。
朋友们，今天我对你们说，在此时此刻，我们虽然遭受种种困难和挫折，我仍然有一个梦想，这个梦想是深深扎根于美国的梦想中的。
我梦想有一天，在佐治亚的红山上，从前奴隶的后嗣将能够和奴隶主的后嗣坐在一起，共叙兄弟情谊。
我梦想有一天，甚至连密西西比州这个正义匿迹，压迫成风，如同沙漠般的地方，也将变成自由和正义的绿洲。我梦想有一天，我的四个孩子将在一个不是以他们的肤色，而是以他们的品格优劣来评价他们的国度里生活。
我今天有一个梦想。我梦想有一天，亚拉巴马州能够有所转变，尽管该州州长现在仍然满口异议，反对联邦法令，但有朝一日，那里的黑人男孩和女孩将能与白人男孩和女孩情同骨肉，携手并进。
我今天有一个梦想。我梦想有一天，幽谷上升，高山下降；坎坷曲折之路成坦途，圣光披露，满照人间。这就是我们的希望。我怀着这种信念回到南方。有了这个信念，我们将能从绝望之岭劈出一块希望之石。有了这个信念，我们将能把这个国家刺耳的争吵声，改变成为一支洋溢手足之情的优美交响曲。 有了这个信念，我们将能一起工作，一起祈祷，一起斗争，一起坐牢，一起维护自由；因为我们知道，终有一天，我们是会自由的。
如果美国要成为一个伟大的国家，这个梦想必须实现。让自由之声从新罕布什尔州的巍峨的崇山峻岭响起来！让自由之声从纽约州的崇山峻岭响起来！让自由之声从科罗拉多州冰雪覆盖的落基山响起来！让自由之声从加利福尼亚州蜿蜒的群峰响起来！不仅如此，还要让自由之声从佐治亚州的石岭响起来！让自由之声从田纳西州的了望山响起来！ 让自由之声从密西西比的每一座丘陵响起来！让自由之声从每一片山坡响起来。
去年的五月十日，也许是德国历史上最值得记忆的战争开始了。我们在数天之内就击溃了敌人的前锋，然后揭开了世界上最大歼灭战的序幕。法国垮了，比利时和荷兰已被攻占了，英国的远征军残部已被驱逐出欧洲大陆，拖兵曳甲，落荒而逃。
一九四零年七月十九日，相信你们大家都还记得，我为了再扩大战果。三度说服国会。我利用这次会议的机会代表全国军民对三军将士辉煌的战果致以感谢之意。
我也一再地伺机督促全世界建立和平。我的远见和预感不辛言中了，我的和平建议被误解，敌人以为我的和平跟畏缩懦怯并无两样。
欧洲和美国的好战份子，一再蛊惑大众的心灵，他们明知道没有胜利的契机，偏偏给他们民众一些会像肥皂泡沫一样破碎的新希望。然后，大众的压力，加上报社的鼓吹，那些好战份子自会一再没发引诱他们的国家作困兽之斗。
我警告他们说，我们会在人口密集的地区实施夜间爆炸，丘吉尔还把我的警告当作是德国无能的标记。这位历史上最出名的嗜血狂和业余战略家，还认为德国空军数月来不轻易露面，便是我们无法在夜间飞行的证明呢？
所以丘吉尔这个糟老头子就一连好几个月欺蒙英国人民相信单单皇家空军再也不需要其他的帮手就可以打赢战争，他们还发明数种手段和方法要迫使我们帝国臣服，他们要美国空军毫不留情猛炸人口稠密的地区，并采取饥饿战术。
我虽然一再地警告他们，我会采取这项别开生面的空战，我一连三个月都在警告他们。可是这些警告被丘吉尔当作耳边风。奇怪？这个人怎么不爱惜别人的生命呢？他只顾那些文化和建筑？
记得战争爆发时，丘吉尔就很明白地声称他要独行其事的作战，即使英国各大城市可能会变成一堆碎瓦残砾也在所不惜。所以他现在更变本加厉了。
我保证，当我所定的期限到时，他若给我们一个炸弹，必要时我会以一百个炸弹还击他们，可是仍无法使他了解他的行为是人神共诛的。他声称他绝不沮丧，他甚至向我们保证，不管我们如何猛烈轰炸，英国人民仍会把他列阵欢送回伦敦。
很可能就是这副欢送的景象加强了丘吉尔继续作战的决心，我们也决意继续回敬他们，也就是说，若有必要的话，将以一百个炸弹回敬他投来的一个炸弹，这样不断地爆炸，直到英国人民啐弃他的罪行和他的毒辣为止。
这个傻瓜他居然要求德国人民起来背叛我，这可证明他们如不是患了麻风病就是一群醉汉在疯言疯语。由于他的心智不正常，才会决定使巴尔干成为战争的舞台。
这个傻瓜最近五年以来，一直像疯子一样在欧洲跑跑跳跳，希望能找到可以放火的机会。很不幸的是，他却一再发现各国的吸血鬼都已在他们的国内放起火来了。
他去年冬季乱开空头支票，撒大谎，使美国民众信以为真地认为，凭德意志帝国在过去数个月的战争中不堪虚耗，现在已经奄奄一息，他也知道纸包不住火，所以他有必要在欧洲再撒一把战火。
他这个早在一九三九年秋和一九四零年春季就有腹案了。当时，英国的情势使他可动员一百个师左右。可是去年的五月和六月，我们目睹英军突然地严重溃败，使他这个计划胎死腹中。可是在去年的秋天，丘吉尔又想开始解决这个问题了。
由于义军坦克和反坦克武器处于明显的优势，使得北非战局逆转，丘吉尔相信现在是最好的时候了，他可以把战争的舞台从利比亚转移到希腊了。他下令运输剩余的坦克和主要由澳大利亚和新西兰兵员组成的残剩的步兵师，他自以为现在可以实现他的阴谋了，他可以使巴尔干半岛烽火燎原了。
因此，这也是丘吉尔在这次战争中所犯的最大战略错误。我一摸透英国不打算在巴尔干半岛夺取据点后，更采取了必要的步骤。
德国对这位假绅士的诡计是一阵愈加亦步亦趋，并纠集了必要的武力来打击他。德国没有意识要在巴尔干半岛开火。相反的，我们尽可能采用公平的方法，以期与希腊解决纠纷，当然，这些方法也是符合于意大利立法的希望。
意大利领袖不仅同意而且全力支持我们，努力使南斯拉夫签定符合我们和平目标的双边协定。最后，南斯拉夫政府同意加入三霸权公约，南斯拉夫不需负什么义务，只要供我们借道就够了。
所以，今年三月二十六日，我们在维也纳签约，保证南斯拉夫在未来不会被外力干涉，并保证了巴尔干半岛的和平。先生们，您们相不相信我那天离开美丽的多瑙河城市时居然充满了快乐，不仅因为他是八年外交政策的结晶，也因为我相信从这一刻起，德国也许不必再插足于巴尔干半岛了。
我们都被执政团传来的消息吓呆了，这份消息乃是有一群被收买的叛逆擅自反判，也使得那位英国首相用兴奋的证据说他第一次有好消息可以宣告全英国。
先生们，我确信您们都会了解，我一听到这份消息时，我立刻下令攻击南斯拉夫。德意志帝国绝不容许花费几年，签定了对别国政党有益的和约，却在一夕之间发现片面被毁，而且他们还侮辱了我们德意志帝国的大使，威吓了随行的军事官员，伤害了官员官邸的助理，而且还损坏了德国人的财物，把德国人民的住家夷为平地，并用恐吓来虐待无数的德国人。上帝知道我是爱好和平的。但是感谢上帝，它赐给我可随意使用的手段来保卫德国的利益。我在当时很沉稳地下定了决心。因为我知道我是以保加利亚对我国永不动摇的忠诚来效忠德国，并发挥了匈牙利知道此事后的愤慨。
这场战役的结果很是特别。由贝尔格勒一小撮硬派份子更能造成洲际不安的这一事实看来，我们立刻铲除这个危险，有就是消除了会造成全欧洲紧张关系的祸源之一。
我们已加强防护多瑙河这条重要的水道，以防备更多的人破坏，交通也已完全畅通了。除了适度修补由于世界大战爆发而受侵犯的前线外，德国对这些地方并不作非分的贪求。在政治方面，我们只不过有志于防护这个区域的和平，而在经济方面，我们希望能看到社会秩序的恢复，以便能补造产品并货畅其流，对大家都有利。
然而，这些利用除了要符合最高的公正外，还须考虑人种学，历史或经济的情况。我可以向您们保证，我对我们的未来处之泰然，也极具信心。德意志帝国和他的盟国，不论在力量，军事，经济，尤其是道德方面，都比世界上任何联邦来的好。德国军队，只要有必要，不论何时都不惧怕挑战。德国人的信心应永远陪伴着他们的战士！
在综合训练箱上进行操作时，通过自检、使用遵守规程、三向交流、工作交接防人因失误工具完成操作和工作的正确交接。
本次培训流程包括三个部分：课堂讲解，时间为10分钟；场景练习，时间为15分钟；课后点评，时间为5分钟。
本次培训地点为通用人因实验室，教室设有前后门，有良好的消防逃生通道。一旦发生应急情况，学员可按消防逃生通道指示，到规定的应急集合点集合。
我叫XX，来自XX处XX科室。本次培训由我来担任教员。
本次培训流程包括三个部分：课堂讲解，时间为10分钟；场景练习，时间为15分钟；课后点评，时间为5分钟。
在课堂讲解的最后部分，教员会对场景练习中使用遵守规程、三向交流防人因失误工具的使用方法进行示例性讲解。讲解完毕后，教员选定2名学员，对场景练习中使用遵守规程、三向交流防人因失误工具的使用方法进行练习，教员在一旁进行观察指导，并给予评价。
通过本次培训，让学员熟练掌握自检、使用遵守规程、三向交流、工作交接的防人因失误工具的每个关键步骤。
自检指人员在执行一项工作前对整个工作进行了清晰的思考，在工作中给予了正确的执行，并在工作后对预期响应进行了审查。主要分为以下四个步骤。
使用遵守规程指在任何活动中必须严格按照反映电厂设计基准的电厂适用规程来行动。该类文件包括程序、政策、工作包说明、工作单等。规程使用包括三类：连续使用、参考使用和记忆使用。
三向交流指通过信息的发送、复述和确认，从而确保信息从发送人准确无误地传输给接收人的一套特定口头交流原则。
在交接过程中，严格按照规程要求，规范化移交，可采用检查单进行一一核对交接，同时配合运用质疑态度和有效沟通工具，确保信息正确地传递。交接地点应选在有利于讨论且离工作点足够近，以方便采取行动的地点。在交接责任时，要谨慎地口头确认。
交接完成后，应对接班人员的工作进行检查，通过观察、指导，确保接班人员已适应工作环境和要求，工作已得到良好的延续。
本次培训由2名学员完成。学员A按照操作单要求在规定时间内完成相关操作，在进行到工作交接步骤时，学员A通过使用工作交接防人因失误工具，将剩余工作交由学员B完成，直到完成操作单上所有任务。
学员按照操作单要求完成相应接线工作，然后通过开关旋钮的档位选择等确定相关指示是否符合验收要求。
总分为100分，在整个场景训练过程中，依据扣分标准逐项对学员使用防人因失误工具的各个步骤的执行情况进行扣分，最后用100分减去各步骤的扣分作为本次培训的最终得分。
本教案中自检防人因失误工具考核的重点包括：1停下来，将注意力集中到要操作的对象上；2指着或摸着设备标牌或隔离牌，以识别正确的设备，并与控制文件作对比；3执行操作，保持目光或手不离开设备；4如果目光或手离开了设备，则重新执行自我检查；5验证实际响应与预期的响应相符；6出现预期之外的响应时，应采取适当的行动。如果不确定，将设备置于安全的状态并叫暂停。
本教案中使用遵守规程防人因失误工具考核的重点包括：1验证和使用完整、最新、正式版本的规程；2在使用规程之前审查规程，理解规程，包括注意事项、限制条件；3按照规程顺序逐一执行，除非特定情况需要或规程允许偏差；4在步骤执行完毕后使用进度跟踪圈杠方法；5如果程序不充分或有非预期的响应出现，将设备置于安全的状态，及时暂停；6工作被中断，重新执行规程时，确认条件是否仍然适用；7浏览规程，确认规程执行完毕，并签字确认；8规程执行完毕后对规程中发现的问题进行反馈。
本教案中三向交流防人因失误工具考核的重点包括：1用合适的音量、准确清晰的发音，使用专业术语，清楚、简明、完整地说明信息，避免表述繁杂或信息不足；2通过设备名称、编码等确定设备；3发送方避免一次发送多个编码或多项行动；4接收方向发送方复述指令要求；5如果接收方没有进行复述，发送方要求其复述信息；6发送方验证接收方的复述，如果信息是正确的，回复接收方正确；如果信息不正确，回复接收方不正确或类似的话，并重述原来的任务。7接收方清晰理解和确认信息后，采取行动；接收方没有理解信息时，要求发送方进行确认；8避免在三向交流三个步骤完成之前就采取行动。
本教案中工作交接防人因失误工具考核的重点包括：1交班人员是否对当前工作状态非常清楚；2是否召开了工作交接班会议；3是否对交接班情况进行记录；4交接完成后是否在交接班记录上签字；5交班人员是否对接班人员的工作进行检查，确保其适应工作环境和要求。
教员再次强调本次培训的培训目标，即：通过本次培训，让学员熟练掌握自检、使用遵守规程、三向交流、工作交接的防人因失误工具的每个关键步骤。
对学员任务执行过程中出现的问题进行评价讲解，不仅让学员知道错在哪里，更重要的是让学员知道为什么错，其重要性是什么，该如何纠正，从而让学员更深刻的认识到自我的不足，逐渐改变其工作中的不规范行为。
将本次培训中存在的问题进行总结，将以往培训过程中出现的问题对学员进行讲解，对发生过多次的问题对学员进行重点强调，从而让学员了解到自检、使用遵守规程、三向交流、工作交接防人因失误工具使用的重点和难点。
本文档描述了一种用于识别图像中专业文字的精确编码识别模型。该模型使用光学字符识别OCR技术来实现对图像中文字的自动识别。这种技术能够快速准确地识别出图像中的文字，为用户提供更加便捷的文本输入方式。此外，该模型还具有较高的准确性和可靠性，能够有效地避免错误识别和漏识别等问题。总之，这种精确编码识别模型为用户提供了一种高效、准确、可靠的图像文字识别方案。它不仅能够提高用户的工作效率，还能够为用户带来更加便捷的文本输入体验。
预处理：首先，对输入图像进行预处理，以提高文字识别的准确性。预处理步骤包括图像二值化、去噪、倾斜校正等。图像二值化是将彩色或灰度图像转换为黑白二值图像的过程。这一步骤能够去除图像中的颜色信息，使得文字识别更加准确。去噪是指去除图像中的噪声，以提高图像质量。噪声可能来自于图像采集、传输、存储等过程中的干扰。去噪能够有效地提高图像的清晰度，使得文字识别更加准确。倾斜校正是指对倾斜的图像进行校正，使其变为水平或垂直。这一步骤能够有效地消除图像倾斜对文字识别的影响，提高识别准确性。
文字识别：最后，对检测到的文字区域进行文字识别。常用的文字识别算法包括基于特征提取的方法、基于循环神经网络RNN的方法、基于卷积神经网络CNN的方法等。本模型使用的TRANSFORMER算法，它是一种新型的算法，以参数量大、效果好著称，比起RNN，它能够进行并行计算，且在大数据集上效果更好。
本模型在多种测试数据集上均取得了优异的性能。在专业文字识别任务中，模型的准确率可达到95以上。这意味着该模型能够快速准确地识别出图像中的文字，为用户提供更加便捷的文本输入方式。此外，该模型还具有较高的可靠性和稳定性，能够有效地避免错误识别和漏识别等问题。总之，本模型在多种测试数据集上均取得了优异的性能，为用户提供了一种高效、准确、可靠的图像文字识别方案。
本模型是一种非常强大的工具，它能够广泛应用于各种需要对图像中专业文字进行自动识别的场景。例如，文献扫描、名片识别、车牌识别等。它能够快速准确地识别出图像中的文字信息，为用户提供极大的便利。
此外，本模型还具有很高的灵活性和可扩展性。它能够根据用户的需求，对不同类型的图像进行识别，满足用户的各种需求。无论是在工作中，还是在生活中，本模型都能够为用户提供极大的帮助。
总之，本模型是一种非常实用的工具，它能够广泛应用于各种需要对图像中专业文字进行自动识别的场景。它凭借其快速、准确、灵活和可扩展的特点，为用户提供了极大的便利。
音频术语名词解释A1、AAC音频格式就像电脑软硬件一样，终归要更新换代的，像磁带不是被CD淘汰了吗？而CD也将要被DVDAudio所代替。随着时间的推移，MP3越来越不能满足我们的需要了，比如压缩率落后于Ogg、WMA、VQF等格式，音质也不够理想尤其是低码率下，仅有两个声道于是Fraunhofer IIS与ATT、索尼、杜比、诺基亚等公司展开合作，共同开发出了被誉为21世纪的数据压缩方式的Advanced Audio Coding简称AAC音频格式，以取代MP3的位置。
其实AAC的算法在1997年就完成了，当时被称为MPEG2 AAC，因为还是把它作为MPEG2标准的延伸。但是随着MPEG4音频标准在2000年成型，MPEG2 AAC也被作为它的编码技术核心，同时追加了一些新的编码特性，所以我们又叫MPEG4 AAC。
例如，假设EQ效果器上每一个波段的频宽为1个八度音，则对EQ效果器上加强100 Hz的声音时，实际上所加强的会是75 Hz150 Hz之间的声音。
事实上，在所有的数字音乐格式中，只有.mid格式提供最小的容量，而且具有高度编辑性例如能做单一音符的修改，改变单一乐器的音色等。 5、Dolby surround杜比环绕声一种将后方效果声道编码至立体声信道中的声音。重放时需要一台解码器将环绕声信号从编码的声音中分离出来。 
6、Distortion破音1. 是效果器的一种，尤其常用在吉他效果器。这种效果与Overdrive很类似。
与Overdrive不同的地方是，Distortion提供更破的音质，它的延音跟自然的吉他声音相比则较不自然。2. 在PA中，当声音信号等级超过电子元件负载的上限，使得声音信号中的一部份被截除，造成发出的声音中有破破的杂音，叫做发生了破音现象。 
7、DSPDigital Signal Processor，数字信号处理器它是一个统称名词，包括数字效果器、EQ、3D环绕等等，只要是以逻辑线路对数字信号再加工处理的元件，都属于数字信号处理器。
此外，DSP并非仅局限于声音层面，在数字影像应用中也会看到DSP。E1、Effects效果器 任何能将声音信号再加工变化的声音处理器，就叫做效果器，例如残响Reverb、延迟Delay、flanger、phaser等等。最常见的效果器就是卡拉OK用的回音器，能够让演唱者的歌声产生回音的感觉。音乐工作者常视实际的需求选择适用的效果器。例如，电吉他手想要做出破音的感觉，可能就会采用Distortion或Overdrive之类的效果器；如果觉得声音太干，则可使用残响Reverb、延迟Delay之类的效果器。 
2、EQ均衡器Equalization均衡将声音中的各频率的组成泛音等级加以修改的动作。
例如，将频率为100 Hz的组成泛音推大，就会让声音中100 Hz左右的低频部份听起来明显一些。若觉得声音的中频部份不够明显，也可以用均衡器去加以补足。Equalize均衡效果器，其中Paragraphic EQ是参数图形均衡器，Graphic EQ是图示均衡器。用滑动控制器作为参数调整的多段可变均衡器，滑动控制器下的标识与其频率响应所对应，每一频段的中心频率与带宽是固定的。
简单地说，所谓的音效模式也就是EQ预先调节的结果，专为某一类音乐进行优化，增强人们的感觉。常见包括：正常、摇滚、流行、舞曲、古典、柔和、爵士、金属、重低音和自定义。自定义就是自己调节，没有套用固定的模式，按个人喜好而定的真正EQ。
除了上面列举的几种卡外，SONY采用的是专用的记忆棒Memeory Stick，一般只用在SONY的机型上，很少看到其他产品使用。 F1、Filter滤波器这是一种能将音频过滤的芯片，可以将声音中某个音频范围的组成泛音去掉。在滤波器中，以Cutoff Frequency决定要去掉哪个频率范围的声音。滤波器分成几种，常见的有高通滤波器HPF，低通滤波器LPF、以及带通滤波器BPF。
。
4、Input输入这是一个用来接收声音信号的端子插孔。
5、Input Level输入等级信号送入声道控制排的量即等级。
目前推荐3.90.2版。2、LCD显示屏包括是否有背光，以及背光颜色、方式EL还是其他类型等。目前来看，采用EL背光的，在点亮时因为升压的因素，会出现背景噪音，所以在发现你的MP3某些时候怎么有噪音时就要注意看是否受这个影响。3、Level音量等级音量的统称。也是用来表示输出输入端子所送出接收的音量基准。
I am glad to come to Westminster College this afternoon and am complimented that you should give me a degree. The name Westminster is somehow familiar to me. I seem to have heard of it before. Indeed it was at Westminster that I received a very large part of my education in politics dialectic rhetoric and one or two other things. In fact we have both been educated at the same or similar or at any rate kindred establishments.
It is also an honour perhaps almost unique for a private visitor to be introduced to an academic audience by the President of the United States. Amid his heavy burdens duties and responsibilities  unsought but not recoiled from  the President has travelled a thousand miles to dignify and magnify our meeting here today and to give me an opportunity of addressing this kindred nation as well as my own countrymen across the ocean and perhaps some other countries too. The President has told you that it is his wish as I am sure it is yours that I should have full liberty to give my true and faithful counsel in these anxious and baffling times. I shall certainly avail myself of this freedom and feel the more right to do so because any private ambitions I may have cherished in my younger days have been satisfied beyond my wildest dreams. Let me however make it clear that I have no official mission or status of any kind and that I speak only for myself. There is nothing here but what you see.
I can therefore allow my mind with the experience of a lifetime to play over the problems which beset us on the morrow of our absolute victory in arms and to try to make sure with what strength I have that what has been gained with so much sacrifice and suffering shall be preserved for the future glory and safety of mankind.
The United States stands at this time at the pinnacle of world power. It is a solemn moment for the American Democracy. For with primacy in power is also joined an aweinspiring accountability to the future. If you look around you you must feel not only the sense of duty done but also you must feel anxiety lest you fall below the level of achievement. Opportunity is here now clear and shining for both our countries. To reject it or ignore it or fritter it away will bring upon us all the long reproaches of the aftertime. It is necessary that constancy of mind persistency of purpose and the grand simplicity of decision shall guide and rule the conduct of the Englishspeaking peoples in peace as they did in war. We must and I believe we shall prove ourselves equal to this severe requirement. When American military men approach some serious situation they are wont to write at the head of their directive the words overall strategic concept. There is wisdom in this as it leads to clarity of thought. What then is the overall strategic concept which we should inscribe today? It is nothing less than the safety and welfare the freedom and progress of all the homes and families of all the men and women in all the lands. And here I speak particularly of the myriad cottage or apartment homes where the wageearner strives amid the accidents and difficulties of life to guard his wife and children from privation and bring the family up in the fear of the Lord or upon ethical conceptions which often play their potent part.
To give security to these countless homes they must be shielded from the two giant marauders war and tyranny. We all know the frightful disturbances in which the ordinary family is plunged when the curse of war swoops down upon the breadwinner and those for whom he works and contrives. The awful ruin of Europe with all its vanished glories and of large parts of Asia glares us in the eyes. When the designs of wicked men or the aggressive urge of mighty States dissolve over large areas the frame of civilised society humble folk are confronted with difficulties with which they cannot cope. For them all is distorted all is broken even ground to pulp. When I stand here this quiet afternoon I shudder to visualise what is actually happening to millions now and what is going to happen in this period when famine stalks the earth. None can compute what has been called the unestimated sum of human pain. Our supreme task and duty is to guard the homes of the common people from the horrors and miseries of another war. We are all agreed on that.
Our American military colleagues after having proclaimed their overall strategic concept and computed available resources always proceed to the next step  namely the method. Here again there is widespread agreement. A world organisation has already been erected for the prime purpose of preventing war UNO the successor of the League of Nations with the decisive addition of the United States and all that that means is already at work. We must make sure that its work is fruitful that it is a reality and not a sham that it is a force for action and not merely a frothing of words that it is a true temple of peace in which the shields of many nations can some day be hung up and not merely a cockpit in a Tower of Babel. Before we cast away the solid assurances of national armaments for selfpreservation we must be certain that our temple is built not upon shifting sands or quagmires but upon the rock. Anyone can see with his eyes open that our path will be difficult and also long but if we persevere together as we did in the two world wars  though not alas in the interval between them  I cannot doubt that we shall achieve our common purpose in the end.
I have however a definite and practical proposal to make for action. Courts and magistrates may be set up but they cannot function without sheriffs and constables. The United Nations Organisation must immediately begin to be equipped with an international armed force. In such a matter we can only go step by step but we must begin now. I propose that each of the Powers and States should be invited to delegate a certain number of air squadrons to the service of the world organisation. These squadrons would be trained and prepared in their own countries but would move around in rotation from one country to another. They would wear the uniform of their own countries but with different badges. They would not be required to act against their own nation but in other respects they would be directed by the world organisation. This might be started on a modest scale and would grow as confidence grew. I wished to see this done after the first world war and I devoutly trust it may be done forthwith.
It would nevertheless be wrong and imprudent to entrust the secret knowledge or experience of the atomic bomb which the United States Great Britain and Canada now share to the world organisation while it is still in its infancy. It would be criminal madness to cast it adrift in this still agitated and ununited world. No one in any country has slept less well in their beds because this knowledge and the method and the raw materials to apply it are at present largely retained in American hands. I do not believe we should all have slept so soundly had the positions been reversed and if some Communist or neoFascist State monopolised for the time being these dread agencies. The fear of them alone might easily have been used to enforce totalitarian systems upon the free democratic world with consequences appalling to human imagination. God has willed that this shall not be and we have at least a breathing space to set our house in order before this peril has to be encountered: and even then if no effort is spared we should still possess so formidable a superiority as to impose effective deterrents upon its employment or threat of employment by others. Ultimately when the essential brotherhood of man is truly embodied and expressed in a world organisation with all the necessary practical safeguards to make it effective these powers would naturally be confided to that world organisation.
Now I come to the second danger of these two marauders which threatens the cottage the home and the ordinary people  namely tyranny. We cannot be blind to the fact that the liberties enjoyed by individual citizens throughout the British Empire are not valid in a considerable number of countries some of which are very powerful. In these States control is enforced upon the common people by various kinds of allembracing police governments. The power of the State is exercised without restraint either by dictators or by compact oligarchies operating through a privileged party and a political police. It is not our duty at this time when difficulties are so numerous to interfere forcibly in the internal affairs of countries which we have not conquered in war. But we must never cease to proclaim in fearless tones the great principles of freedom and the rights of man which are the joint inheritance of the Englishspeaking world and which through Magna Carta the Bill of Rights the Habeas Corpus trial by jury and the English common law find their most famous expression in the American Declaration of Independence.
All this means that the people of any country have the right and should have the power by constitutional action by free unfettered elections with secret ballot to choose or change the character or form of government under which they dwell; that freedom of speech and thought should reign; that courts of justice independent of the executive unbiased by any party should administer laws which have received the broad assent of large majorities or are consecrated by time and custom. Here are the title deeds of freedom which should lie in every cottage home. Here is the message of the British and American peoples to mankind. Let us preach what we practise  let us practise what we preach.
I have now stated the two great dangers which menace the homes of the people: War and Tyranny. I have not yet spoken of poverty and privation which are in many cases the prevailing anxiety. But if the dangers of war and tyranny are removed there is no doubt that science and cooperation can bring in the next few years to the world certainly in the next few decades newly taught in the sharpening school of war an expansion of material wellbeing beyond anything that has yet occurred in human experience. Now at this sad and breathless moment we are plunged in the hunger and distress which are the aftermath of our stupendous struggle; but this will pass and may pass quickly and there is no reason except human folly of subhuman crime which should deny to all the nations the inauguration and enjoyment of an age of plenty. I have often used words which I learned fifty years ago from a great IrishAmerican orator a friend of mine Mr. Bourke Cockran. There is enough for all. The earth is a generous mother; she will provide in plentiful abundance food for all her children if they will but cultivate her soil in justice and in peace. So far I feel that we are in full agreement.
Now while still pursuing the method of realising our overall strategic concept I come to the crux of what I have travelled here to say. Neither the sure prevention of war nor the continuous rise of world organisation will be gained without what I have called the fraternal association of the Englishspeaking peoples. This means a special relationship between the British Commonwealth and Empire and the United States. This is no time for generalities and I will venture to be precise. Fraternal association requires not only the growing friendship and mutual understanding between our two vast but kindred systems of society but the continuance of the intimate relationship between our military advisers leading to common study of potential dangers the similarity of weapons and manuals of instructions and to the interchange of officers and cadets at technical colleges. It should carry with it the continuance of the present facilities for mutual security by the joint use of all Naval and Air Force bases in the possession of either country all over the world. This would perhaps double the mobility of the American Navy and Air Force. It would greatly expand that of the British Empire Forces and it might well lead if and as the world calms down to important financial savings. Already we use together a large number of islands; more may well be entrusted to our joint care in the near future.
The United States has already a Permanent Defence Agreement with the Dominion of Canada which is so devotedly attached to the British Commonwealth and Empire. This Agreement is more effective than many of those which have often been made under formal alliances. This principle should be extended to all British Commonwealths with full reciprocity. Thus whatever happens and thus only shall we be secure ourselves and able to work together for the high and simple causes that are dear to us and bode no ill to any. Eventually there may come  I feel eventually there will come  the principle of common citizenship but that we may be content to leave to destiny whose outstretched arm many of us can already clearly see.
There is however an important question we must ask ourselves. Would a special relationship between the United States and the British Commonwealth be inconsistent with our overriding loyalties to the World Organisation? I reply that on the contrary it is probably the only means by which that organisation will achieve its full stature and strength. There are already the special United States relations with Canada which I have just mentioned and there are the special relations between the United States and the South American Republics. We British have our twenty years Treaty of Collaboration and Mutual Assistance with Soviet Russia. I agree with Mr. Bevin the Foreign Secretary of Great Britain that it might well be a fifty years Treaty so far as we are concerned. We aim at nothing but mutual assistance and collaboration. The British have an alliance with Portugal unbroken since 1384 and which produced fruitful results at critical moments in the late war. None of these clash with the general interest of a world agreement or a world organisation; on the contrary they help it. In my fathers house are many mansions. Special associations between members of the United Nations which have no aggressive point against any other country which harbour no design incompatible with the Charter of the United Nations far from being harmful are beneficial and as I believe indispensable. I spoke earlier of the Temple of Peace. Workmen from all countries must build that temple. If two of the workmen know each other particularly well and are old friends if their families are intermingled and if they have faith in each others purpose hope in each others future and charity towards each others shortcomings  to quote some good words I read here the other day  why cannot they work together at the common task as friends and partners? Why cannot they share their tools and thus increase each others working powers? Indeed they must do so or else the temple may not be built or being built it may collapse and we shall all be proved again unteachable and have to go and try to learn again for a third time in a school of war incomparably more rigorous than that from which we have just been released. The dark ages may return the Stone Age may return on the gleaming wings of science and what might now shower immeasurable material blessings upon mankind may even bring about its total destruction. Beware I say; time may be short. Do not let us take the course of allowing events to drift along until it is too late. If there is to be a fraternal association of the kind I have described with all the extra strength and security which both our countries can derive from it let us make sure that that great fact is known to the world and that it plays its part in steadying and stabilising the foundations of peace. There is the path of wisdom. Prevention is better than cure.
A shadow has fallen upon the scenes so lately lighted by the Allied victory. Nobody knows what Soviet Russia and its Communist international organisation intends to do in the immediate future or what are the limits if any to their expansive and proselytising tendencies. I have a strong admiration and regard for the valiant Russian people and for my wartime comrade Marshal Stalin. There is deep sympathy and goodwill in Britain  and I doubt not here also  towards the peoples of all the Russias and a resolve to persevere through many differences and rebuffs in establishing lasting friendships. We understand the Russian need to be secure on her western frontiers by the removal of all possibility of German aggression. We welcome Russia to her rightful place among the leading nations of the world. We welcome her flag upon the seas. Above all we welcome constant frequent and growing contacts between the Russian people and our own people on both sides of the Atlantic. It is my duty however for I am sure you would wish me to state the facts as I see them to you to place before you certain facts about the present position in Europe. From Stettin in the Baltic to Trieste in the Adriatic an iron curtain has descended across the Continent. Behind that line lie all the capitals of the ancient states of Central and Eastern Europe. Warsaw Berlin Prague Vienna Budapest Belgrade Bucharest and Sofia all these famous cities and the populations around them lie in what I must call the Soviet sphere and all are subject in one form or another not only to Soviet influence but to a very high and in many cases increasing measure of control from Moscow. Athens alone  Greece with its immortal glories  is free to decide its future at an election under British American and French observation. The Russiandominated Polish Government has been encouraged to make enormous and wrongful inroads upon Germany and mass expulsions of millions of Germans on a scale grievous and undreamedof are now taking place. The Communist parties which were very small in all these Eastern States of Europe have been raised to preeminence and power far beyond their numbers and are seeking everywhere to obtain totalitarian control. Police governments are prevailing in nearly every case and so far except in Czechoslovakia there is no true democracy. Turkey and Persia are both profoundly alarmed and disturbed at the claims which are being made upon them and at the pressure being exerted by the Moscow Government. An attempt is being made by the Russians in Berlin to build up a quasiCommunist party in their zone of Occupied Germany by showing special favours to groups of leftwing German leaders. At the end of the fighting last June the American and British Armies withdrew westwards in accordance with an earlier agreement to a depth at some points of 150 miles upon a front of nearly four hundred miles in order to allow our Russian allies to occupy this vast expanse of territory which the Western Democracies had conquered.
If now the Soviet Government tries by separate action to build up a proCommunist Germany in their areas this will cause new serious difficulties in the British and American zones and will give the defeated Germans the power of putting themselves up to auction between the Soviets and the Western Democracies. Whatever conclusions may be drawn from these facts  and facts they are  this is certainly not the Liberated Europe we fought to build up. Nor is it one which contains the essentials of permanent peace.
The safety of the world requires a new unity in Europe from which no nation should be permanently outcast. It is from the quarrels of the strong parent races in Europe that the world wars we have witnessed or which occurred in former times have sprung. Twice in our own lifetime we have seen the United States against their wishes and their traditions against arguments the force of which it is impossible not to comprehend drawn by irresistible forces into these wars in time to secure the victory of the good cause but only after frightful slaughter and devastation had occurred. Twice the United States has had to send several millions of its young men across the Atlantic to find the war; but now war can find any nation wherever it may dwell between dusk and dawn. Surely we should work with conscious purpose for a grand pacification of Europe within the structure of the United Nations and in accordance with its Charter. That I feel is an open cause of policy of very great importance. In front of the iron curtain which lies across Europe are other causes for anxiety. In Italy the Communist Party is seriously hampered by having to support the Communisttrained Marshal Titos claims to former Italian territory at the head of the Adriatic.
Nevertheless the future of Italy hangs in the balance. Again one cannot imagine a regenerated Europe without a strong France. All my public life I have worked for a strong France and I never lost faith in her destiny even in the darkest hours. I will not lose faith now. However in a great number of countries far from the Russian frontiers and throughout the world Communist fifth columns are established and work in complete unity and absolute obedience to the directions they receive from the Communist centre. Except in the British Commonwealth and in the United States where Communism is in its infancy the Communist parties or fifth columns constitute a growing challenge and peril to Christian civilisation. These are sombre facts for anyone to have to recite on the morrow of a victory gained by so much splendid comradeship in arms and in the cause of freedom and democracy; but we should be most unwise not to face them squarely while time remains.
The outlook is also anxious in the Far East and especially in Manchuria. The Agreement which was made at Yalta to which I was a party was extremely favourable to Soviet Russia but it was made at a time when no one could say that the German war might not extend all through the summer and autumn of 1945 and when the Japanese war was expected to last for a further 18 months from the end of the German war. In this country you are all so wellinformed about the Far East and such devoted friends of China that I do not need to expatiate on the situation there. I have felt bound to portray the shadow which alike in the west and in the east falls upon the world.
I was a high minister at the time of the Versailles Treaty and a close friend of Mr. LloydGeorge who was the head of the British delegation at Versailles. I did not myself agree with many things that were done but I have a very strong impression in my mind of that situation and I find it painful to contrast it with that which prevails now. In those days there were high hopes and unbounded confidence that the wars were over and that the League of Nations would become allpowerful. I do not see or feel that same confidence or even the same hopes in the haggard world at the present time.
On the other hand I repulse the idea that a new war is inevitable; still more that it is imminent. It is because I am sure that our fortunes are still in our own hands and that we hold the power to save the future that I feel the duty to speak out now that I have the occasion and the opportunity to do so. I do not believe that Soviet Russia desires war. What they desire is the fruits of war and the indefinite expansion of their power and doctrines. But what we have to consider here today while time remains is the permanent prevention of war and the establishment of conditions of freedom and democracy as rapidly as possible in all countries. Our difficulties and dangers will not be removed by closing our eyes to them. They will not be removed by mere waiting to see what happens; nor will they be removed by a policy of appeasement. What is needed is a settlement and the longer this is delayed the more difficult it will be and the greater our dangers will become.
From what I have seen of our Russian friends and Allies during the war I am convinced that there is nothing they admire so much as strength and there is nothing for which they have less respect than for weakness especially military weakness. For that reason the old doctrine of a balance of power is unsound. We cannot afford if we can help it to work on narrow margins offering temptations to a trial of strength. If the Western Democracies stand together in strict adherence to the principles of the United Nations Charter their influence for furthering those principles will be immense and no one is likely to molest them. If however they become divided or falter in their duty and if these allimportant years are allowed to slip away then indeed catastrophe may overwhelm us all.
Let no man underrate the abiding power of the British Empire and Commonwealth. Because you see the 46 millions in our island harassed about their food supply of which they only grow one half even in wartime or because we have difficulty in restarting our industries and export trade after six years of passionate war effort do not suppose that we shall not come through these dark years of privation as we have come through the glorious years of agony or that half a century from now you will not see 70 or 80 millions of Britons spread about the world and united in defence of our traditions our way of life and of the world causes which you and we espouse. If the population of the Englishspeaking Commonwealths be added to that of the United States with all that such cooperation implies in the air on the sea all over the globe and in science and in industry and in moral force there will be no quivering precarious balance of power to offer its temptation to ambition or adventure. On the contrary there will be an overwhelming assurance of security. If we adhere faithfully to the Charter of the United Nations and walk forward in sedate and sober strength seeking no ones land or treasure seeking to lay no arbitrary control upon the thoughts of men; if all British moral and material forces and convictions are joined with your own in fraternal association the highroads of the future will be clear not only for us but for all not only for our time but for a century to come.
