句子是由单词构成的，单词根据词义及在句子中的作用可分为下面十大类，称为词类。
词类有时可以从词形上看出，如以ly结尾的词多数为副词，以ful结尾的词多数为形容词。现将常见的某些词类的词尾举例如下：详见第458465节。
book: Have you booked our tickets?你订我们的票了吗？
house: Temporary shelters were set up to house the fire victims.为火灾受害者建造了临时住房。
room: We room together.我们住同一个房间。
chair: Whos chairing the meeting.谁主持会议？
head: Who headed the delegation?谁领导这个代表团？
read: Can I have a read of your magazine?我能不能看一看你的杂志？
go: I have been on the go all week.整个礼拜我都很忙碌。
show: Many new computers are on show at the exhibition.展览会上展出了许多新的计算机。
lead: I hope youll take a lead.我希望你带个头做榜样。
warm: Ill warm up some milk.我去热一些牛奶。
cool: A swim will cool you down.游游泳会使你凉爽起来。
empty: Have you emptied the rubbish?你倒垃圾了吗？
dry: Nothing dries sooner than a tear.什么也不及眼泪干得快。
只有在上下文中才能决定一个词的词类。详见第453457节。
词类在句子中有一定的作用，例如名词，在句子中可以用作主语、宾语等，大多由动词构成，但实际用法相当复杂。语法可以帮助我们掌握规律性的东西，知道什么是规定，但只学语法是不够的，还要掌握词汇的具体用法。语法可以说也体现在词的应用之中。把语法和词汇用法结合起来，才能真正地掌握语法，语法好比骨架，词汇好比血肉，两者是不可分的。
We are learning English.我们在学英语。
Who is your teacher?谁是你的老师？
宾语主要指动作的对象或动作的承受者。有些动词后须带宾语这称为及物动词；状语主要修饰动词，例如hard修饰动词is working。除了这些成分，还有表语predicative和定语attributive。上面Chinese就是表语，和系动词are一道构成谓语；our mother tongue也是表语，和系动词is一道构成谓语。定语修饰名词或代词，上面的our就是定语，修饰mother tongue及motherland。
Come in Mr. Green.格林先生，请进。
Good morning Tom.汤姆，早上好。
This is my cousin Helen.这是我表妹海伦。
She was born in Berkeley a small town in California.她出生在加州的一座小城伯克利。
This I think is the best way to help them.我认为这是帮助他们的最好办法。
Im not a good cook you see.你知道我不太会做菜。
上面三种成分常用逗号把它们和句子的其他部分分开。
May I ask you a question?我能向你提一个问题吗？
Where should I sit?我应坐在哪里？
What a nice day!多好的天气！
How beautiful this is!这多么美丽！
How silly you are!你真傻！
在陈述句后加句号，在问句后加问号，在祈使句后加句号或感叹号，在感叹句后加感叹号。
Are you from Japan?Yes I am.你是日本人吗？是的，我是日本人。
Do you like horror films?No I dont.你喜欢恐怖片吗？我不喜欢。
Do you think its a good idea?Its hard to say.你认为这是好主意吗？很难说。
Are they in town now?I think so.他们在城里吗？我想在。
May I take this seat?Do please.我能坐这里吗？请坐。
Can you get me a packet of detergent?With pleasure.你能帮我买一包清洁剂吗？没问题。
Will you be free tonight?你今晚有空吗？
Can I help you?我能帮你的忙吗？
Is she your daughter?她是你的女儿吗？
在译成汉语时多带吗字。问这种问句时都用升调。
Who is it on the phone?谁来电话？
Where have you been?你到哪里去了？
When is the plane to take off?飞机什么时候起飞？
Which room shall we take?我们要哪个房间？
How did you like the show?你觉得演出如何？
How long do you plan to stay here?你打算在这里待多久？
问这类问句时，多用降调。
Are you from the South or from the North?你是南方人还是北方人？
Is he going by train or by plane?他坐火车去还是坐飞机去？
表语：Are you an Englishman or an American?Im from England.
你是英国人还是美国人？我是英国人。
状语：Is the delegation arriving today or tomorrow?Today I think.
代表团今天到还是明天到？我想是今天到。
宾语：Would you like coffee or tea?Tea please.
你要咖啡还是茶？请给我茶。
谓语：Shall we watch TV or go to the concert?Id prefer to go to the concert.
我们是看电视还是去听音乐会？我宁愿去听音乐会。
分句：Shall I come to pick you up or shall we meet at the airport?As you please.
我来接你还是咱们去机场碰头？随便。
通常前面部分用升调，后面部分用降调。回答可以比较灵活。
Youve been here for many years havent you?你在这里多年了，对吧？
This is your car isnt it?这是你的车，对吧？
They are your children arent they?他们是你的孩子，对吧？
You have beenhavent you?
This isisnt it?
They arearent they?
You staydont you?
She speaks good English doesnt she?她英语讲得好，对吧？
You were born in London werent you?你在伦敦出生，对吧？
We can go together cant we?我们可以一道去，对吧？
You dont like rock music do you?
你不喜欢摇滚乐，对吧？
Your wife isnt in China now is she?No shes in the United States.
你妻子不在中国，对吧？是的，她在美国。
I am not late am I?No you are not.
我没迟到，对吧？是的，你没迟到。
She hasnt left yet has she?But yes she has.
她还没走，对吧？不，她走了。
在回答这类问题时要注意，如果是肯定回答要用yes，否则用no。上面例句表明汉语与英语有时是不一致的。
You dont like rock music ，do you ?期望答案：No I dont.
You like rock music  dont you ?期望答案：Yes I do.
Shes leaving tomorrow isnt she ？
He isnt ill ，is he ?
Youve never been to Hong Kong have you?你从未到过香港，对吧？
You seldom work on Sundays do you?你很少星期天工作，对吧？
So you thought youd fooled me did you?
你以为你把我耍了，是吗？
这类问句常常不需回答。
按这样方式排列的称为自然语序natural word order。定语也称作修饰语都放在它所修饰的名词或代词等的前面或后面见上面例句中的斜体部分。状语可以是副词，如yesterday、happily、tonight，也可以是介词短语如in silence，in the park或其他短语如over there这种短语。状语一般按方式、地点、时间这个顺序排列。
关于语序，详见第二十一章。
China is in East Asia.中国在东亚。
We are proud of our country.我们为我们的国家感到骄傲。
Three of us are going by boat.我们中间三个人坐船去。
Smoking is prohibited.禁止吸烟。
They faxed the plans to us.他们把计划用传真发给了我们。
Weve been worrying about you.我们一直为你担心。
She may not like the idea.她可能不赞成这个想法。
Wed better take their advice.我们最好听取他们的忠告。
What are you looking for?你在找什么？
Ill take care of him.我来照顾他。
关于动词短语和短语动词，可参阅第二章：动词概说。
Beijing is the heart of our country.北京是我国的心脏。
Thats mine.这是我的。
The plan sounds great.这计划听起来不错。
You look charming today.你今天显得很迷人。
My job is teaching.我的任务是教书。
Her idea was to go there by bus.她的意见是坐公共汽车去。
We are so pleased to hear it.听到这我们都很高兴。
She is on vacation now.她现在正休假。
Give me something to read.给我一点东西看。
How many do you want? I want two.你要多少？我要两个。
I hate bothering her.我不愿打扰她。
We hope to see you soon.我们希望早日见到你。
They asked her to sing them a song.他们请她给他们唱一支歌。
Its a lovely view.这景色很漂亮。
Ive a few questions to ask.我有几个问题要问。
Los Angeles is the second largest city in the U.S.洛杉矶市是美国的第二大城市。
Three people were injured in the accident.车祸中有三人受了伤。
The minister called a press conference right that day.就在那天部长召开了记者会。
Who is the man in charge here?谁是这里的负责人？
Theres a car waiting outside.外面有车等候。
We held a banquet in honour of our distinguished guests.我们为贵宾举行了宴会。
Theres nothing to be afraid of.没有什么可怕的。
关于宾语，还可参阅第十八章。
The boy runs very fast.男孩跑得很快。
How often do you see her?你多久见她一次？
Im a little worried.我有点发愁。
Frankly I dont like the idea.坦白地说，我不太赞成这个想法。
I stayed there only for two days.我在那里只待了两天。
We went there to visit our grandmother.我们到那里去看我们的祖母。
He stepped forward hoping to speak to her.他向前走，希望能和她讲话。
I returned home utterly exhausted.疲惫不堪地回到家里。
关于状语，还可参阅第二十章。
You ought to be careful.你要小心。
They might be waiting for us.他们可能在等我们。
还可以构成短语动词，下一章详细讨论。
Give me a phone call when you get there.到达时给我来一个电话。
Stay where you are.就站在原处。
You may stay with us if you like.如果你愿意可以住我们这儿。
Do as you please.你爱怎么办就怎么办。
Thats where we differ.这是我们的分歧所在。
April is when the lilacs bloom.四月是丁香花开的季节。
Things were not as they seem to be.情况并不是看上去的那个样子。
The girl who spoke is our monitor.发言的姑娘是我们的班长。
She was not in the train which that arrived just now.她不在刚到的火车上。
This was the town where I was born.这就是我出生的城市。
At the time when I saw him he was quite well.我见到他时他身体还挺好的。
以上各类从句的详细情况，还可参阅后面有关各节。
The train has arrived.火车到了。
The door bell rang.门铃响了。
Who is calling?在电话中问你是哪位？
I dont smoke.我不抽烟。
Does it hurt?这儿疼吗?
The plane has just touched down.飞机刚降落。
Prices are going up again.物价又上涨了。
She sat down beside me.她在我旁边坐下。
不带宾语的动词称为不及物动词intransitive verbs。
名词可有它的修饰语，如clever和her，动词也可以有它的修饰语，如：the moment，well。
Who can answer this question？谁能回答这个问题？
She is doing her homework.她在做作业。
Columbus discovered America.哥伦布发现了新大陆。
Can you play the piano?你能弹钢琴吗？
Where have you put the key?你把钥匙放哪里了？
Lots of people are applying for the job.很多人在申请这份工作。
She is listening to her new records.她在听她的新唱片。
Everybody laughed at him.人人都笑他。
Who put forward the proposal?这建议是谁提出的？
We have put the meeting off.我们把会议推迟了。
My uncle gave me a camera.我叔叔送我一台照相机。
I showed them my passport.我把护照拿给他们看。
He left Jane a note.他给简留下一个条子。
Ill get you something to eat.我去给你找些东西吃。
I showed my passport to one of the immigration officers.我把护照拿给其中一位移民局的官员看。
She gave a camera to someone who likes taking photos.她给了喜欢照相的人一台照相机。
I got an icecream for each of the children present.我给出席的每个孩子都买了一份冰淇淋。
从以上例句可见，短的间接宾语如me，them，Jane都放在前面，较长的都放到后面。至于加to还是for要根据动词决定。
详细内容可参见第169170节。
They appointed him general manager.他们任命他为总经理。
She painted the walls light green.她把墙漆成淡绿色。
He told me to be more careful.他让我仔细一点。
I smelt something burning.我闻见有东西烧焦了。
Helen got her blood tested.海伦去验血了。
从这里可看出补语可以是名词、形容词、不定式、现在分词或过去分词见斜体部分。
Show me your passport.出示你的护照。
Paint the walls red.把墙涂成红色。
Tom and Jack are in the same class.汤姆和杰克在同一个班。
He ordered a beef steak and a soup.他叫了牛排和一份汤。
She came forward and shook hands with us.她走上前和我们握手。
It was getting late; she must start back home.天黑起来了；她得动身回家。
We fished all day; we didnt catch a thing.我们钓了一天鱼，什么也没钓着。
Jim worked hard in college and later he became an architect.吉姆在大学时很用功，后来他当了建筑师。
Ive got a cold so Im going to bed.我感冒了，所以我要去睡了。
Tom went to the party but his wife didnt.汤姆去参加了晚会，但他妻子没去。
She is a funny girl yet you cant help liking her.她是一个古怪的女孩，但你禁不住喜欢她。
The days were short for it was now December.白天很短，因为现在已经是十二月了。
You must hurry or you wont make it for the train.你得赶快，否则你会赶不上火车。
Not only did he speak more correctly but he spoke more easily.他不仅讲得更正确，也讲得更不费劲了。
Either you improve your work or I shall dismiss you.除非你改进你的工作，否则我将辞退你。
There was no news; nevertheless she went on hoping.没有消息，但她还继续存着希望。
I think; therefore I am.我思故我在。
He cannot speak neither can he hear.他不能讲话，也听不见。
He never went again nor did he write to apologize.他再也没去，也没写信表示歉意。
Jim introduced me to a girl who sat next to him.吉姆把我介绍给坐在他旁边的一个姑娘。
All that glitters is not gold.闪光的不都是金子。
Hamlet which is a famous play by Shakespeare was performed on stage in the new hall.莎士比亚的名剧哈姆雷特在新礼堂公演了。
Then I telephoned the doctor whom she had recommended.然后我给她推荐的医生打了电话。
The girl whose work got the prize is the youngest in her class.作品得奖的女孩子是班上最小的学生。
This is the book which that was on the table.这就是桌上的那本书。
There are moments when I forget all about it.有时候我把这全忘了。
These are the reasons why we did it.这些就是我们这样做的原因。
Im glad that youre back.比较：Im glad to see you.你回来了我很高兴。
Make sure that the door is locked.比较：Make sure about it.注意锁好门。
这种动词一般不跟宾语。
Her back ached.她的背疼。
The situation is deteriorating.局势正在恶化。
Do angels exist?有天使吗？
Ruth coughed all night.鲁思咳了一夜。
Lily wept bitterly.莉莉哭得很伤心。
He sighed his relief.他放心地叹了一口气。
They slept themselves sober.他们一觉过后就清醒了。
Father smiled his approval.父亲微笑表示赞同。
She laughed a scornful laugh.她鄙夷地笑了笑。
The ship sailed westward.船向西航行。
The river flows east into the sea.这条河向东流入大海。
Then I went back to my own room.于是我回到自己的房间去。
Come and sit on the sofa.来坐在沙发上。
She remained in bed for three days.她在床上躺了三天。
We should rely on ourselves.我们应当依靠自己。
I do sympathize with you.我的确很同情你。
Light consists of waves.光由光波组成。
We must persist in our efforts.我们要作坚持不懈的努力。
这种动词一般都跟宾语。
He needs your help.他需要你的帮助。
Please describe what you have seen.请描述一下你看到的情况。
Japan has a population of about a hundred million.日本人口约有一亿。
She put the key in her pocket.她把钥匙放到口袋里。
Would you mind opening the window?可否劳驾把窗子打开？
His joke didnt interest me.他的笑话并不使我感兴趣。
She tried to comfort him.她设法安慰他。
The news surprised all of us.这消息使我们都非常惊讶。
I must thank you for telling me this.我应谢谢你告诉了我这情况。
His speech angered the audience.他的讲话激怒了观众。
He has brought his luggage with him.他带来了他的行李。
She jotted down the telephone number.她把电话号码记了下来。
He wrote something down.他在纸上写了些什么。
This will prevent her from doing so.这会阻止她这样做。
We owe our success to your cooperation.我们的成功多亏你合作。
We gave they took.我们给，他们拿。
Some people build while others destroy.有些人建设而另一些人则破坏。
She was anxious to please.她急于讨人喜欢。
You must be convinced if you are to convince.如果你想使别人相信，你自己得相信。
He said that he was ready to help.他说他乐意帮忙。
I suggest that we leave earlier.我建议我们早点动身。
She asked who would like to go.她问谁愿意去。
I didnt know where he lived.我不知道他住哪儿。
这种动词称为引语动词reporting verbs，详见第十七章。
Finally he killed himself.最后他自杀了。
Dont deceive yourself.不要欺骗你自己。
She prided herself on being a Chinese.她以自己是中国人为荣。
He busied himself tidying up his room.他忙着收拾他的房间。
Let me have a try.我来试一试。
She gave a long sigh.她长叹了一声。
Lets take a break.咱们休息一会儿。
I think I could make a guess at it.我想我可以猜一猜。
这类动词的宾语一般用单数，加a或加some。
Go and do your hair.去梳头去。
Have you done your teeth?你刷牙了吗？
Can you do the room now?你现在能打扫房间了吗？
She was doing the dishes.她在洗盘子。
When is he coming to do the windows?他什么时候来擦窗子？
They do fish very well in that restaurant.那家餐馆鱼烧得不错。
How would you like your steak done?你希望牛排烤到什么程度？
He found her doing the flowers.他发现她在插花。
Are you doing science at school?你在学校学科学吗？
He has done Harace into English verse.他把荷雷斯译成英文诗了。
He still has to do his military service.他还得服兵役。
He quickly learnt to do sums.他很快学会做算术题了。
They did only comedies this season.这个季度他们只演喜剧。
The group is doing Macbeth.这剧团在上演马克白。
We did two concerts last week.我们上星期听了两场音乐会。
Have you done the Tower?你去参观伦敦塔了吗？
We did Spain in two weeks.我们在西班牙游览了两星期。
We did the journey in six hours.在路上我们开了六小时车。
He does seventyfive on the free way.他在高速公路上时速七十五英里。
He did ten years for armed robbery.他因持枪抢劫蹲了十年监牢。
The barber will do you next.下面理发师将给你理发。
He does the guests well.他把客人招待得很好。
That shopkeeper did me.那家商店老板骗了我。
He has done an excellent article.他写了一篇精彩的文章。
She did some pretty sketches.她画了几张漂亮的素描。
He did a complete suit in only three days.只用三天他就把整套衣服缝好了。
I did no reading that night.那天晚上我没看书。
She had to do some studying.她得学习一会儿。
Jane did most of the talking.大部分时间都是简谈话。
Who does the cooking?谁做饭？
Shes doing her knitting.她在织毛线。
Ill have to get someone to do my typing.我得找人帮我打字。
He aimed at the bird and missed it.他瞄准那只鸟却没打中。
He rose as she entered the room.她进来时他站起身来。
Yes I know it.是的，我知道。
Sorry I forgot it.对不起我忘了。
They wanted to marry each other.他们想结婚。
The two sisters embraced each other warmly.两姐妹热情拥抱。
They kissed and said goodbye.他们亲吻了说再见。
Their children are always fighting.他们的孩子老打架。
我们翻一翻词典就会发现大部分动词既可作及物动词又可作不及物动词。应注意的是它们在什么情况下作及物动词，在什么情况下作不及物动词。
Mother bought meOI a VCROD.妈给我买了一台录像机。
Can you lend meOI your dictionaryOD?你能把字典借我一下吗？
I cant promise youOI anythingOD now.我目前不能答应你什么。
He handed herOT the timetableOD.他把时刻表递给了她。
He handed his key to the teacher.他把房间钥匙交给了老师。
She lent some money to her friend.她借给她朋友一些钱。
He bought a gift for his daughter.他给他的女儿买了一份礼物。
She played some ancient Chinese music for us.她给我们放了一些中国古代的音乐。
They forgave him his crimes.他们宽恕了他的罪行。
She wished them a safe journey.她祝他们一路平安。
I envy you your good luck.我羡慕你的好运。
How much did it cost?它花了多少钱？
The journalists asked a lot of questions.记者们问了很多问题。
I look forward to hearing from you.盼早日收到你的来信。
The book consists of three parts.这本书包含三部分。
Put out your cigarettes.把你的烟灭掉。
I must have dozed off.我准是睡着了。
We are falling behind.我们落后了。
The boys are fooling around.男孩子们在瞎胡闹。
You go ahead. Well follow behind.你们先走，我们随后就来。
We must abide by the rules.我们必须遵守规定。
Theres a gentleman here asking for you.有一位先生要求见你。
How did you come by this painting?你怎么得到这张画的？
Im used to dealing with matters of this sort.我已习惯于处理这类事。
Weve decided to put the meeting off.我们决定把会议推迟。
Weve decide to put off the meeting.
Cross out those words.把那些字划掉。
Cross the words out.
How are we to carry out this policy?我们该怎样执行这个方针？
How are we to carry the policy out?
They agreed to let him into their secret.他们同意让他知道他们的秘密。
Hes a good friend of mine. He wont hold it against us.他是我的好朋友。他不会以此来反对我们。
Dont you dare he said frightening her into silence.你敢！他说，吓得她不敢说话了。
They tried to set his daughter against him.他们设法让他的女儿反对他。
Why do they put up with such treatment?他们为什么忍受这样的对待？
She soon caught up with us.她很快赶上了我们。
He had to face up to the situation.他不得不面对这一形势。
They all looked up to him for guidance.他们都指望得到他的指导。
They crossexamined the defence witness.他们盘问了被告的证人。
We hitchhiked through France to Spain.我们搭顺风车穿过法国来到西班牙。
She regularly babysits for us.她经常帮我们看孩子。
Children iceskated on the side walks.孩子们在人行道上溜冰。
这种合成动词大多数用连字号连接，但也有些不带连字号如baby sit，另一些可带连字号，也可不带连字号。如：hitchhike，rollerskate.
We often went windowshopping.我们常常出去逛商店不买东西。
Lets go rollerskating.咱们去溜旱冰。
He refused to kowtow to the emperor.他不肯向皇帝磕头。
Stop shillyshallying about and make your mind up.不要犹犹豫豫，快拿定主意。
The Federal Republic backpedalled on its earlier commitments.联邦共和国从它前些时候作出的承诺退缩了。
He promised to teach her to waterski.他答应教她滑水。
He could proofread four pages an hour.他一小时可以校对四页。
She crosschecked the names against a list.她用一个名单把名字核对了一遍。
All the students on hunger strike had to be forcefed.所有绝食的学生都得强迫进食。
You dont have to dryclean it.你不必干洗它。
He had doublecrossed them in the past.他过去曾诈骗过他们。
The press conference was clearly stagemanaged.记者招待会是精心安排的。
Im going to springclean the house this weekend.这个周末我将进行大扫除。
She is always at him about something.她老为什么事和他争吵。
I am behind in my work.我工作没完成。
Shes down with the flu.她患了流行性感冒。
Is the doctor in？医生在家吗？
Are you into Chinese food?你对中国菜有兴趣吗？
My estimate was off a little bit.我的估计有点不准确。
Is the motor on?电动机开着吗？
The workers are out on strike.工人们在罢工。
Lily is through with Max.莉莉和麦克斯分手了。
另外还可加上形容词及介词构成be fond of，be sure of，be tired of，be careful of，be mindful of，be keen on，be weary of，be productive of等成语。
The apple appeared sound but it was rotten.苹果看起来像是好的，但却已腐坏。
The house appeared deserted.房子里好像空无一人。
She appeared taken aback.她显得很吃惊。
The patient appeared to be all right after taking the medicine.服药后病人显得好多了。
The car appears to have no brake.这车的刹车好像失灵了。
He appeared a normal person.他看起来是一个正常的人。
It appears a true story.它似乎是一个真实的故事。
I didnt want to appear a fool.我不想显得像个傻子。
It appears that the plane did not land at Rome.好像飞机没在罗马降落。
It appears to me that you are all mistaken.我感到你们都错了。
aHe became the chairman of the commission.他成了委员会主席。
Its becoming a serious problem.它正在成为一个严重问题。
His dream had now become a reality.他的梦想现在成了现实。
bShe became quite cheerful.她变得很高兴。
She became very fond of her.她变得非常喜欢她。
Gradually they became silent.他们逐渐沉默起来。
cThe room soon became crowded.房间很快挤满了人。
The sky became suddenly overcast with clouds.突然天空变得乌云密布。
At last the truth became known.最后真相大白了。
All three fell asleep.三个人都睡着了。
He fell sick has fallen ill.他生病了。
At his entry everyone fell became silent.他进来时大家都沉默下来。
The post of headmaster fell vacant.校长的职位有了空缺。
The spear fell wide of the wolf.矛未刺中狼。
He fell a victim to her charms.他中了她的魔法。
I fell a prey to evil dreams.我常常受到噩梦折磨。
She fell an easy prey to him.她很容易地被他俘获。
He fell into a doze.他打起盹来了。
We fell easily into conversation.我们很容易地交谈起来。
The house fell into decay.房子已经朽坏。
I feel a little cross.我有点生气。
He felt utterly miserable.他感到极其痛苦。
Pearl felt shy but happy at the same time.珀尔感到害羞同时也很快乐。
When he got up he felt dizzy.他站起来时感到头晕。
I felt worried.我感到忧虑。
I felt hurt.我感到受伤害。
They felt insulted.他们感到受到侮辱。
She felt drawn to him.她受他吸引。
其他还可跟relieved，puzzled，pained，hurt，embarrassed，disheartened，depressed，discouraged，entitled，comforted，bound，refreshed，inclined。
The water feels warm.水摸起来很暖和。
Silk feels soft and smooth.绸缎摸起来柔软光滑。
It felt pleasant going to work.上班去的感觉很愉快。
Its getting chilly.天凉起来了。
How fat Jim is getting!吉姆变得多么胖了！
I think she will get well.我想她会痊愈的。
Please dont get angry.请不要生气。
She got married the other day.她前几天结婚了。
Im getting bored and homesick.我感到无聊想家。
They got discouraged and went home.他们感到泄气就回家了。
Theres nothing to get excited about.没有什么可激动的。
He got engaged was engaged to her last winter.去年冬天他和她订婚了。
You didnt get hurt werent hurt in any way?你没受什么伤吧？
You nearly got hit by that car!你差点被那辆车撞上了。
You may get cheated if you are unwary.如果不当心，你可能被骗。
aThen we got chatting together.后来我们在一起聊了起来。
Things havent really got going yet.活动还没开展起来。
We got talking and didnt notice the time.我们聊了起来没注意时间。
bShe was getting an old woman.她正在变成老太太。
Youre getting quite a lad now.你都要长成大小伙子了。
Youre getting to be a bad influence on my children.你对我的孩子们正产生不良影响。
cIts getting near teatime.快到吃下午茶的时间了。
Well let you know as soon as production gets under way.一等生产上了轨道我们就通知你。
Your hair has gone quite white.你的头发已经变得很白了。
When I mentioned it he went red.我提到它时他脸红了。
He went mad insane.他疯了。
The children must not go hungry.孩子们不应当挨饿。
Fish soon goes bad in hot weather.在热天鱼很快会变坏。
Hes gone blind.他眼睛瞎了。
It would be a tragedy if anything went wrong.如果出了什么事就是一个悲剧。
The heat has caused the milk to go sour.酷热的天气使牛奶酸了。
She had gone dead tired.她累得要命。
Has the firm gone broke?这家公司破产了吗？
Fruit quickly goes rotten in hot weather.天热水果很快会腐烂。
They went out of fashion years ago.它们好多年前就变得不时尚了。
He went off his mind.他精神错乱了。
Her face went the colour of cream.她的脸变成了乳白色。
Her cheeks went a very pretty pink.她的脸变成漂亮的粉红色。
The sea is growing calm.大海变得平静起来。
The pollution problem is growing serious.污染问题日见严峻。
Shes growing fat.她越来越胖了。
It began to grow dark.天开始黑了起来。
还有许多形容词可以跟在它后面，如cold，hot，old，big，fat，tall，thin，bright，close，angry，rich，restless，uneasy，worse，weak，fierce，violent，serious，loud，intimate等。
He said I would grow used to it.他说我会变得习惯起来。
I grew excited and a little frightened.我变得很激动，也有点害怕。
After a time I grew dissatisfied with the work.过了一段时间我对工作变得不满意了。
He grew discouraged.他变得泄气了。
It has grown out of date.它已经过时了。
I hope youll keep fit.希望你身体保持健康。
She knew she must keep calm.她知道她必须保持镇静。
Jenni alone kept silent.只有珍妮保持沉默。
I wish those children would keep quiet.我希望那些孩子保持安静。
aKeep away from them.不要靠近它们。
The train kept on.火车继续往前开。
Danger! Keep out!危险！不得进入！
Lets keep together or we shall lose each other.咱们待在一块儿，否则会失散。
bI am keeping in very good health.我身体一直很好。
They did their best to keep on their guard.他们尽量保持警惕。
Well keep in touch with you.我们将和你保持联系。
Keep off the grass!勿踏草坪！
She looked very tired.她显得很疲倦。
My boy is not looking very well.我的孩子气色不太好。
Hes looking fit though.但他看来很健康。
The prospects looked excellent.前景看来极佳。
还可跟happy，sad，cheerful，nervous，apologetic，strong，goodhumoured，green，pale，worried，young，good，well，fat，pretty，stupid，friendly等。
aShe looked embarrassed.她显得很尴尬的样子。
Helen looked rather offended.海伦显得相当生气。
He didnt look convinced.他显得不太相信。
Chirac looked worn out.希拉克显得疲惫不堪的样子。
bHe looks a nice reliable man.他看起来是一个善良可靠的人。
Haywood looked a perfect fool.海伍德看起来像一个十足的傻瓜。
Youre looking a different person.你看起来像换了一个人。
It looks a lovely house.它看起来是一座招人喜爱的房子。
cHe looked in splendid health.他看起来身体极好。
The weather doesnt look like clearing up.天气不像要晴起来的样子。
You look as if you dont care.你仿佛不在乎的样子。
His advice did prove sound.他的忠告的确证明是对的。
The article has proved most useful.这篇文章证明很有用。
His story proved false.他讲的情况事实表明是假的。
Arguments proved useless.争辩表明没有用。
aIt proved a waste.这证明是浪费。
He proved a very reliable friend.事实表明他是一个可靠的朋友。
It proved an easy task.它证明是一项容易的任务。
bOur discussion proved to be of the greatest value to us.我们的讨论证明对我们极有价值。
Perhaps this book will prove to be of some use to you in your studies.或许这本书会证明在你的学习中有些用处。
She remained relatively calm.她保持相对平静。
Three out of four of them remained single.他们四个人中就有三个人保持单身。
Tinnys face remained expressionless.丁妮的脸上仍然没有表情。
Shops remain open till late in the evening.商店一直开到晚上很晚。
The door remained closed.门仍然关着。
The question remained unsolved.这个问题仍然没有解决。
She remained standing for a good hour.整整一个钟头她一直站着。
They remained listening.他们一直在听。
We can remain friends.我们可以继续做朋友。
The affair remained a complete mystery.这事一直完全是一个谜。
The labour shortage remained a problem.劳工短缺一直是一个问题。
The town remains the same year after year.这座城镇年复一年仍是原样。
The Indian people remain in deep poverty.印第安人仍处于极端贫困状态。
The agreement shall remain in force for a period of ten years.这个协议有效期为十年。
You cant let the house remain like this.你不能让房子继续处于这个状态。
There she remained under the care of Doctor Brown.在那儿她一直由布朗医生照顾。
The affair rests a mystery.这件事一直是个谜。
Rest easy.不要紧张。
You can rest assured that I will do my best.你放心，我会尽力。
The matter rests thusthat you are responsible for the damage.事实仍然是这样你得对损坏负责。
The well ran dry.井干涸了。
My blood ran cold.我的血变凉了。
I have run short of money.我缺钱用了。
These shirts run small.这些衬衫小了。
Feelings against him ran high.反对他的情绪高涨。
Our supplies are running low.我们的供应品不多了。
The crowd ran riot in the streets.群众在街上乱跑。
The violets are running wild in the flower bed.紫罗兰在花圃里乱长。
The tide was running strong.潮水上涨了。
The disease is running rife in the slums.在贫民区这个疾病猖獗。
My contract runs out in September.我的合同九月份到期。
Our supplies soon ran out.我们的供应品很快用完。
The trucks run out of gas again.卡车又没有汽油了。
The doctor seems very capable.医生似乎很能干。
He seems quite happy.他看来很快活。
He seems to me quite normal.在我看起来他好像很正常。
The plan did seem feasible.这计划的确似乎可行。
She seemed well pleased.她似乎很高兴。
No one seemed inclined to ask questions.似乎没人想问问题。
His first memories seemed connected with work.他最早的记忆似乎和工作有关。
Claire seemed lacking in enthusiasm.克莱似乎缺乏热情。
She seems an unusually clever girl.她似乎是一个绝顶聪明的姑娘。
It seems to me a marvellous book.在我看来它似乎是一本很精彩的书。
That seems not a bad idea.这似乎是一个不坏的主意。
This seems to me a glorious life.这在我看似乎是一种愉快的生活。
You seem in high spirits.你看来情绪很好。
The driver seemed out of humour.司机似乎情绪不高。
He seemed on the watch to control himself.他似乎很注意控制自己。
It seems like years since I last saw you.从上次见到你以来好像已经有许多年了。
Roses smell sweet.玫瑰花是香的。
Dont they smell nice?它们味道不错吧？
The dish smells good.这盘菜闻起来很香。
That milk smells sour.那奶有酸味了。
It smells like musk.它闻起来像麝香。
The report sounds true.这个报道听起来是真的。
His story sounds suspicious.他讲的情况听起来可疑。
This tone sounds pleasant.这个曲调很使人高兴。
It sounds silly.这话听起来很愚蠢。
The story of his life sounds interesting.他的身世听起来很有意思。
Her voice sounded grave.她的声音很低沉。
Your doctrine sounds like Socialism.你的学说听起来像社会主义。
Your account almost sounds like science fiction.你的描述听起来几乎像科幻小说。
She sounded a modest woman.她听起来像是一个谦逊的女人。
It sounds a very bad poem to me.这个我听起来像是一首很糟的诗。
The temperature has stayed hot this week.这星期气温仍然很高。
The shop stays open till seven oclock.这家商店一直开到七点。
That fellow never stays sober for long.那家伙从来清醒不了多久。
Please stay seated.请不要站起来。
They are unlikely to stay in power after the next election.下次选举之后他们不太可能继续执政。
Father hoped wed stay out of trouble.父亲希望我们别碰上麻烦。
These oranges taste good.这些橘子味道很好。
The apples from this tree taste delicious.这颗树上的苹果味道很好。
This medicine tastes horrible.这种药味道难吃极了。
This milk tastes sour.这牛奶有酸味。
This food tastes sweet.这种食品是甜的。
The meat tastes bad.这肉味很糟。
He turned pale at the thought.想到这他脸色变得苍白。
When she saw this she turned red.她看到这时脸红了。
He had turned quarrelssome.他变得有些爱吵架。
It turned awful chilly.天变得非常冷。
She felt herself turn a little giddy.她感到自己有点头晕。
The milk will speedily turn sour.牛奶很快会酸。
He used to be a teacher till he turned writer.他过去是教员直到他成为作家。
He has turned traitor.他成了叛徒。
He was a Conservative but he turned Socialist.他原来是保守党员，后来成了社会主义者。
Is it wise for a general to turn politician?将军从政明智吗？
We are working.我们在工作。
She has been reading a novel.她一直在看一本小说。
How are you doing?你干得怎么样？
We were talking about our school days.我们在谈我们的学生时代。
What will you be doing tomorrow evening?你明天晚上会在干什么？
What is the flower called?这花叫什么名字？
The road is being repaired.路正在修整。
She was brought up by her aunt.她是她姑姑带大的。
They have been given a warning.他们受到警告。
She is was asked to stay.她被要求留下。
Where are we to meet?我们将在哪儿碰头？
Youre to be back tomorrow.你明天得回来。
How are we to convince him?我们怎么能说服他呢？
How are you to explain all this?这一切你该怎样解释？
Where have you been?你到哪儿去了？
We have finished our work already.我们已经完成了工作。
She has gone to town.她到城里去了。
We had never met before.以前我们从未见过面。
They will have got there by ten oclock.十点前他们会已经到达。
What have you been doing?你一直在干什么？
She has been teaching there for twelve years.她在那里已教了十二年书。
He said he had been waiting for a reply.他说他一直在等候回信。
She showed me the book she had been reading.她把她看的书拿给我看。
How do you like the weather here?你觉得这里天气怎样？
She speaks good English doesnt she?她英语讲得很好，对吗？
Did you see yesterdays film?昨天的电影你看了吗？
She does not work here.她不在这里工作。
We do not often go there.我们不常到那里去。
He didnt go to the show.他没有去看演出。
I do think you are right.我的确认为你是对的。
She does feel that way.她确实有那种感觉。
He did tell me to stay.他的确让我留下的。
Do be quiet!求你安静点！
Do you know her?一Yes I do.你认识她吗？认识。
I love flowers.So do I.我喜欢花。我也喜欢。
She got there earlier than I did.她比我到得早。
I dont run as fast as he does.我跑得没有他快。
这几个词可以作助动词，构成将来时态，这时本身没有意思。有时它们也可有一定的意思，作为情态动词。参见第六章。
Will you be in tomorrow?你明天在家吗？
I wont stay here long.我不会在这里待很长时间。
We will probably go by train.我们可能坐火车去。
will有时还有一些特殊意义，详见第六章。
Shall we stop over in Tokyo?我们要不要在东京停留？
Shall I help you?要不要我帮帮你？
How long shall we stay there?我们在那儿要待多久？
I We shall be back on Friday.我们星期五回来。
I We shant be away for long.我们不会离开太久。
shall有时还有一些特殊意义，详见第六章。
I told them I would not go with them.我告诉他们我不和他们一道去。
Did she say when she would be back?她说没说什么时候回来？
They hoped they we would succeed.他们希望他们我们会成功。
Would she be in he asked himself.她会在家吗，他问自己。
would还有其他一些用法，详见第五章。
You should be at the office before 9.你应在九点前到达办公室。
You shouldnt leave so soon.你不应当这么早就走。
He said I should see a doctor.他说我应当去看医生。
should还可用在其他一些情况中，第六章中再作详细讨论。
Can you type?你会打字吗？
He can stand on his hands.他能倒立。
I cant drive a car.我不会开汽车。
You can sit here.你可以在这里坐。
He could run very fast when he was in school.他上学时可以跑得很快。
It was so dark that he couldnt see anything.天是那样黑，他什么也看不见。
She said she could speak five languages.她说她能讲五种语言。
Could you wait for a few moments?你能稍等一会儿吗？
I wonder if you could pass on the message to her.不知你可否把这口信带给她。
Perhaps we could catch the 8:30 train.或许我们可以坐八点半的火车。
Nancy may know his telephone number.南希可能知道他的电话号码。
He may not agree.他可能会不同意。
I may be free tomorrow afternoon.我明天下午可能有空。
May I speak to the manager?我可否和经理谈谈？
May the children come with us?孩子们能和我们一道去吗？
I was afraid she might be in bed now.我担心她可能已经睡觉了。
We left early so that we might catch the bus.我们动身早以便搭上公共汽车。
He might not be in town now she told herself.她对自己说他现在可能不在城里。
He might be in his office now.他现在说不定在办公室里。
She might be waiting for you.她可能在等你。
This might be worth thinking about.这可能值得考虑。
Might I have a little brandy?我能喝一点白兰地吗？
Might I ask a question?我能问一个问题吗？
You must see the doctor.你一定要看医生。
We must agree to differ.我们必须同意有不同的看法。
Must I finish the work tonight?我必须今晚完成这项工作吗？
I must be off.我得走了。
You mustnt leave us.你一定不要离开我们。
We mustnt be late.我们一定不要迟到。
You mustnt forget to tell her about it.你可别忘了告诉她这件事。
Must we leave so soon?Yes we must.我们必须这么早走吗？必须这么早走。
Must I come over tonight?No you neednt.我今晚必须过来吗？不必。
以上是这类动词的主要用法，第六章中还将对此作专门讨论。
We ought to go back now.我们该回去了。
He ought not to do that.他不应该那样做。
Ought we to tell Father about it?Yes we ought.我们应该把这事告诉爸吗？应该。
You oughtnt to go on living this way.你不应该再这样生活下去了。
We ought to be careful oughtnt we?我们应该小心，对吧？
Oughtnt he to see a doctor?他是不是该去看医生？
You have to be careful.你得小心。
We have to reconsider this question.我们必须重新考虑这个问题。
He has to cancel his plan.他不得不打消他的计划。
I had to walk very fast to overtake him.我得走很快才能赶上他。
Do you have to leave so soon?你必须这么早就走吗？
You dont have to worry.你不必发愁。
Have you to leave so soon?你必须这么早走吗？
You havent to go to school today.你今天不必上学。
Ive got to be off now.我得走了。
The child has got to have an operation.这孩子得动手术。
Thats what weve got to do.那是我们不得不做的事。
Sophia has got to be compensated.索菲娅必须得到补偿。
Have you got to go home this summer?这个暑假你必须回家吗？
How long have they got to stay there?他们得在那里待多久？
You havent got to work such long hours.你无需工作这么长时间。
have to和have got to起着与情态动词相似的作用。
We used to grow beautiful roses.我们过去养植美丽的玫瑰花。
He used to write poetry when he was young.他年轻时常常写诗。
It used to be a prosperous town.它过去是一座繁荣的城市。
They used to play golf together didnt they?他们过去常在一起打高尔夫球，对吧？
She didnt use to like classical music.她过去是不喜欢古典音乐的。
Did Jane use to have long hair?简过去是留长头发的吗？
There used to be a cinema here didnt there?过去这儿有一家电影院的，是吗？
甚至有didused及didnt used to这类形式，但很多人认为这样写法是不对的。
You usednt to make such mistakes.你过去是不犯这种错误的。
Used you to play football?你过去常踢足球吗？
You used to live in London usednt you?你过去是住伦敦的，是吧？
There used to be some trees here use d nt there?过去这儿有几棵树的，对吧？
She wont be able to come on January 1.她一月一号来不了。
I havent been able to get in touch with him.我未能和他联系上。
The patient was soon able to sit up and read.病人不久就能坐起来看书了。
He had been able to come and see us regularly.在那以前他能经常来看我们。
I ought to be able to live on my salary.我应当能靠我的薪水生活。
She might be able to convince him.她或许能说服他。
You should be able to get there in time.他应当可以及时到达那里。
上面五种动词在第六章和第十七章中还将作进一步讨论。
You need not dust all the furniture.你无需掸掉所有家具上的尘土。
You neednt hurry. Theres plenty of time.你不必着急。时间多着呢。
They neednt fuss.他们不必大惊小怪。
I dont believe you need worry.我想你不必忧虑。
I dont think you need take it too seriously.我想你不必对此过于认真。
You need have no anxiety on my account.你不必为我感到焦急。
Need he do it all at once?他需要马上就做吗？
So I neednt pretend need I?因此我不必装假，是吧？
I daren t ask him.我不敢问他。
He dared not go near the place.他不敢走近那个地方。
No one dared speak of it.没人敢谈及此事。
I scarcely dare think of it.我对此想都不敢想。
How dare she do such a thing?她怎么敢做这样的事？
Dare you ask her?你敢问她吗？
I wonder if he dared come home.不知他是否敢回家。
I dare say he will come.我揣测他会来。
She dared to walk the tightrope.她敢走钢丝。
He dares to behave like that in my house!他竟敢在我家这样做！
助动词和情态动词的其他问题，还将在第六章中作详细讨论。
也可称为动词原形，其他形式多数是由它派生而来。
过去时由过去式表示，而现在完成时由have过去分词构成。
另见第三章。
She is telling us a story.她在给我们讲故事。
We are all listening to her.我们都在听她讲话。
因此可以看出，这四种形式是各种时态的基础，而几乎每句话都离不开时态。因此必须正确掌握这四种形式。
另见第三章。
英语中大部分动词都是规则动词。规则动词都以加ed词尾的方式构成过去式及过去分词；又以加ing词尾的方式构成现在分词。
She works in a computer company.她在电脑公司工作。
He gives me a lot of help.他给我许多帮助。
Im going home  I am going home.
Hes gone to town  He has gone to town.
这些紧缩形式至关重要，否则你会听不懂甚至看不懂许多句子。
这些形式都称为限定形式finite forms，也有人称为谓语形式，即作谓语时用的形式。有少数动词，如情态动词，不受主语的影响，在任何人称后形式都不变。因此它们也被称为无变化动词defective verbs。
I He was excited. We They were excited.
You He She It They will try. Shall I try? Will you try?
We knew we should win.
现在We are I amHe is learning a new tense.
过去She was They were playing bridge.
将来I will be thinking of you.
过去所指的将来I told him we would be thinking of him.
现在He has written a poem.
过在He showed me the poem he had written.
将来You will have got the letter by tomorrow.
过去所指的将来I told him that he would have got an answer by that night.
现在He has been teaching for eight years.
过去He told me that he had been teaching for eight years.
将来By July Ill have been teaching here for ten years.
过去所指的将来I heard by July youd have been teaching here for ten years.
其他时态只是偶然用到。关于各种时态的具体用法，下面一章再详细讨论。
变为被动结构后，原句的宾语就成了主语，而原句的主语在被动结构中和by构成状语，说明是谁的动作。
关于被动语态的详细情况，将在第四章作进一步的讨论。
She was very nervous.她非常紧张。
You may be right.你可能是对的。
Why are you so nervous?你为什么这样紧张？
Dont worry. Ill be all right.不要担心。我会没事的。
Lets put it to the vote.咱们投票表决。
Lets not argue about it any more.咱们别再争论了。
aSomebody fetch a pail of water.谁去打一桶水来。
You be quiet!你们安静！
bCome in Mrs. Brown.布朗夫人，请进。
Stand up everybody.大家起立。
If only I werent so nervous.但愿我不这样紧张。
Long live peace!和平万岁！
虚拟语气使用范围比较有限，主要用于条件从句或某些特定的句型。
关于虚拟语气，第五章将作进一步的讨论。
关于不定式、动名词和分词的用法，在第七章中将作一步讨论。
She visits her parents every day.她每天去看她的父母。
He smokes a lot.他抽烟很多。
I seldom eat meat.我很少吃肉。
How often do you go swimming?你多久去游一次泳？
She doesnt speak English.她不会讲英语。
I know you are busy.我知道你很忙。
She loves classical music.她喜欢古典音乐。
How do you like this city?你觉得这座城市怎么样？
He lives in a small town.他住在一座小镇上。
We need your help.我们需要你们的帮助。
The moon goes round the earth.月亮绕着地球转。
Summer follows spring.春天之后是夏天。
Gases expand when heated.气体加热会膨胀。
The river flows into the sea.这条河流入大海。
A molecule of water has two atoms of hydrogen and one of oxygen.一个水分子里面有两个氢原子和一个氧原子。
The sun rises in the east.太阳从东方升起。
What do you mean?你是什么意思？
It seems you are right.似乎你是对的。
This concerns everyone of us.这关系到我们每个人。
We hate dislike detest such people.我们讨厌这样的人。
All this surprises me.这一切使我吃惊。
She majors in English.她主修英语。
The box contains a necklace.盒子里有一条项链。
The can holds two gallons.这个桶能装两加仑。
Your age doesnt matter.你的年龄没有关系。
It depends on the weather.这要看天气如何。
Jim resembles his sister.吉姆长得像他姐姐。
I guess suppose imagine thats the only solution.我想这是唯一的解决办法。
We own the house It belongs to us.这是我们的房子。
I dont deserve the honour.我不配得到这个荣誉。
I declare this exhibition open.我宣布展览会开幕。
Its a lovely place.I agree.这是一个招人喜欢的地方。我同意。
The Bible says love of money is the root of all evil.圣经说爱财是万恶之源。
I advise you to withdraw.我劝你退出。
I promise you that I will be there.我答应你我会去。
This I admit is my favorite activity.这个我承认是我最喜欢的活动。
With this letter I enclose a photograph.随信附上一张相片。
I flatly refuse to do what you say.我断然拒绝做你说的事。
I regret my ignorance on the subject.对这问题无知我感到遗憾。
Smith passes to Davency Daveney to Barnes Barnes to Lucasand Harriet interceptsHarriet to Simons nice balland Smith shoots.史密斯传球给戴文西，戴文西传给巴恩斯，巴恩斯传给卢卡斯，哈利特截住球哈利特传给西蒙斯，好球!史密斯射门。
First I put a lump of butter into a frying pan and light the gas; then while the butter is melting I break three eggs into the bowl like this.我先在煎锅里放一团黄油，把煤气点燃，然后，在黄油溶化时，我在碗里打三个鸡蛋，像这样。
Theres this Scotsman you see and hes walking through the jungle when he meets a gorilla and the gorillas eating something. So the Scotsman goes up to the gorilla.这里是一个苏格兰人，你看到了吧，他正在丛林地带穿行，他碰到一只大猩猩。大猩猩在吃东西，于是那个苏格兰人向大猩猩跟前走去。
In Death on the Nile Linet Ridgeway is the young and beautiful heiress to an immense fortune but she has a lot of enemies.在尼罗河惨案中，林奈里奇薇是有一大笔家财的年轻美丽的继承人，但她有很多敌人。
Millison enters. William assumes a business air picks up two folders and makes for the door.梅里逊进场，威廉装出一本正经的样子，拿起两个公文夹，向门口走去。
The Queen arrives for the Opening of Parliament.女王出席国会开幕式。
The exhibition opens on May 1st and closes at the end of June.展览会五一节开幕，六月底闭幕。
The plane takes off at 11:30 and arrives in Shanghai at 1:20.飞机十一点半起飞，一点二十分抵达上海。
The show begins at seven and ends at ten.表演七点开始，十点结束。
Tomorrow is Saturday.明天星期六。
Is there a film on tonight?今晚要放映电影吗？
Where do we go now?我们现在到哪里去？
Ill give her the telex when she comes.她来时把电传交给她。
Turn off the lights before you leave.走前关灯。
If we hurry we may catch the bus.如果我们赶紧走我们可能赶得上公共汽车。
Tell me in case you get into difficulty.遇到困难请告诉我。
I hope it keeps fine for a few more days.希望还能晴几天。
Suppose he doesnt agree what shall we do?假如他不同意，那我们怎么办？
Assuming it rains tomorrow what shall we do?设想明天下雨我们怎么办？
Ill just say whatever comes into my head.我将想到什么说什么。
I shall do as I please.我高兴怎么做就怎么做。
He will continue the work no matter what happens.不管发生什么情况他都要继续这项工作。
I hear youre moving.听说你要搬家了。
Diana says you told her to come over here.戴安娜说是你让她到这儿来的。
They tell me its a fascinating film.他们告诉我这是一部迷人的影片。
Yes you answer quite well.对，你回答得很好。
Oh I forget where she lives.啊，我忘了她在哪儿住了。
这是因为讲这些话时这些动作发生的时间在说话人的脑中已经模糊不重要，他注意说明的是从句所表示的情况。
在故事描述中突然转而使用现在时态，是为了给人以历历在目的印象。这种用法可以称为戏剧性的现在时dramatic present或历史性的现在时historical present。
Disarmament Talks Begin in Vienna.裁军谈判在维也纳开始。
Bank Robbery: Robbery take 100000.银行劫案：匪徒抢走十万美金。
情节自然是已发生的事，但往往用现在时，也是为使标题更生动。
Chaucer writes that love is blind.乔叟写道爱情是盲目的。
She is out of danger now.她现在脱离危险了。
How are you today?你今天怎么样？
Theyre busy at the moment.此刻他们很忙。
She often goes on long walks.她常常作长时间散步。
I usually go jogging in the park.我通常在公园里跑步。
They normally get up at six.他们一般六点起床。
Generally he watches TV for two hours in the evening.一般他晚上看两小时的电视。
They pay him weekly.他们每周给他发薪一次。
I visit my grandmother once a month.我一月看我奶奶一次。
It seldom snows here.这儿很少下雪。
I never drink or smoke.我从不喝酒抽烟。
Does the teacher ever give a quiz?老师给测验吗？
Theyre talking; theyre not working.他们在谈话，不是在工作。
Were having a meeting.我们在开会。
My head is aching.我头很疼。
Its raining hard.正在下大雨。
Where is she teaching?她在哪儿教书？
She is travelling around the country now.她正在国内旅行。
The kids are playing badminton.孩子们在打羽毛球。
Are you staying at a hotel?你们是住旅馆吗？
Im studying at an evening school.我在上夜校。
Im not hearing as well as I used to.我现在的听力没有过去好了。
Whats your daughter doing these days?你女儿最近干什么？
Shes spending the summer at the seaside.她在海边度暑假。
Dont take the typewriter away. My wife is using it别把打字机拿走，我妻子在用。
hear表示听见时是没有进行式的。这里hear表示听觉。
Im being serious.我是说正经的。
Im not being hard on anybody. Im being reasonable.我这样做不是对谁苛刻，我只是理智行事。
I know Im being selfish.我知道我这样做是自私的。
He is being terribly friendly to us.他对我们表现得友好之极。
Mike is coming home on Thursday.迈克星期四回来。
Theyre having a party next week.下星期他们将开一个晚会。
Were going to the theatre tomorrow.我们明天去看戏。
Are you meeting Bill this evening?你今晚将和比尔见面吗？
What are you doing at the weekend?这个周末你干什么？
Im not going out tonight. Im staying at home.今晚我不出去，我待在家里。
Carol is playing tennis on Friday.卡洛尔星期五打网球。
Are you working next week?你下星期要工作吗？
My sister is getting married next December.我妹妹十二月结婚。
What time are you leaving?你什么时候动身？
He is arriving tomorrow morning on the 16:40 train.他乘下午四点四十的火车明天上午到。
Were spending next winter in Australia.我们下一个冬天在澳洲过。
What time does the train leave?火车什么时候开？
The concert starts at 7:30.音乐会七点半开始。
The programme begins at 4.这个节目四点开始。
总的说来用现在进行时表示未来动作比用一般现在时多。
Im going to buy some cassette tapes.我准备去买几盘录音带。
Theyre going to sell their house.他们打算把房子卖掉。
What are you going to wear to the party on Saturday?你参加星期六的晚会穿什么？
Who are you going to invite to the party.你准备邀请谁参加晚会？
My hair is dirty. Im going to wash it.我的头发脏了，我准备去洗一洗。
Whos going to cook the meal?谁来做饭？
When are you going to visit us again?你什么时候再来看我们？
What time is Jack going to phone you?杰克什么时候给你打电话？
Look at the sky! Its going to rain.瞧天上，就要下雨了。
Oh dear! Its ten to nine. Im going to be late.啊天哪！已经八点五十，我要迟到了。
My sister is going to have a baby.我姐姐要生孩子了。
Look out! Shes going to faint!当心！她要晕倒了。
I hear theyre going to be married soon.我听说他们不久就要结婚了。
If you invite Tom theres going to be trouble.你要是邀请汤姆，会出麻烦。
Dont mention this when youre talking about this problem.你们谈论这问题时不要提这事。
If she is still waiting there when you see her tell her to go home.如果你见到她时她还在等，那就让她回家。
While youre travelling there you must visit these places.你在那里游览时，你一定要去这几个地方。
Suppose theyre still worrying about this tomorrow. What shall I do?假定他们明天还在发愁，我该怎么办？
I am hoping you will come.我希望你能来。比I hope显得更客气。
Im always hearing strange stories about him.我老听人讲关于他的奇奇怪怪的事。
Im forgetting that I promised to visit him tonight.我差点忘了我答应今晚去看他的。
Tina is resembling her sister more and more.蒂娜越来越像她姐姐了。
I wonder am wondering how I should answer him.我想知道该怎样回答他。
Does your leg hurt Is your leg hurting?你的腿疼吗？
It itches is itching terribly.痒得要命。
My back aches is aching .我的背疼。
MacFee passes to Franklyn. Franklyn makes a quick pass to Booth. Booth is a way with his ball but hes losing the advantage.麦克菲传球给富兰克林，富兰克林给布什一个快传，布什带球前进，但他正在失去有利地位。
Her car has broken down. Shes going to work by bike.她的汽车坏了，骑自行车上班。
Whats Jim doing these days? Hes working as my assistant.吉姆在做什么？在做我的助手。
Cabinet Minister Is Resigning soon.内阁部长即将辞职。
The College Team Is Training for the Next Game.大学队积极练习准备参加下一轮比赛。
Tomorrow shell be in Rome. Next week shell be in Tokyo.明天她到罗马，下星期她在东京。
Telephone me this evening. Ill be at home.今晚给我打电话，我会在家。
Will you be in your office tomorrow morning?明天上午你在办公室吗？
When will I see them?我什么时候会见到他们？
Mary will find some books for you.玛丽将会给你找到一些书。
Ill shallwill do a better job next time.下次我要干得好些。
Youll burn yourself if you touch this hot plate.你要是触碰电炉会烫手。
Leave the stale bread there. The birds will eat it.把陈面包留在那儿，鸟儿会吃掉的。
The concert will start in a minute.音乐会马上就开始了。
Whenll they arrive?他们什么时候到？
I feel a bit hungry. I think Ill have something to eat.我有点饿，我想去找点东西吃。
I dont think Ill go out tonight. Im too tired.我想今晚不出去了，我太累了。
I think Diana will pass the exam.我想戴安娜考试会及格的。
I dont think it will rain this afternoon.我想今天下午不会下雨。
Do you think the examination will be difficult?你认为考试会很难吗？
Will you shut the door?你把门关上好吗？
Will you lend me the car next week?你下星期把车借给我行吗？
Will you make a photo copy of it?你能把它复印一份吗？
Mail the letter today will you?今天就把信发掉，好吗？
Ill let you have it back tomorrow.我明天就还给你。
Wait a minute Ill open the door for you.等一等，我来给你开门。
Ill write to you every day.我每天都会给你写信。
That bag looks heavy. Ill help you with it这个包看来很重，我来帮你提。
I wont tell anybody what happened.发生的事我谁也不告诉。
Come and see me tomorrow.Yes I will.明天来找我。好的。
Dont be late.No I wont.别来晚了。不会晚的。
Will you answer the phone?Yes I will.你去接电话好吗？好的。
Ive tried to advise her but she wont listen.我设法给她出主意，但是她不肯听。
We asked her to be the director but she wont agree.我们请她当所长但她不同意。
The car wont start.车开不了啦。
Oil and water will not mix.油和水没法混在一起。
Shall I turn on the light?要不要把灯打开？
Shall we sit here?我们坐这里好吗？
Ill be there at 3 oclock shall I?我三点到那里好不好？
Lets call it a day now shall we?我们今天就干到这里，好吗？
Where shall we go this evening?今晚我们到哪里去？
Theres no one to answer the phone what shall we do?没人接电话，怎么办？
I dont know if I shall see you next week.不知道下星期我会不会见到你。
I shant see her next week.下星期我不会见到她。
I shall probably be late tomorrow.明天我可能迟到。
We shall have to hurry.我们得赶快。
I think we shall win.我想我们会获胜。
I shall do everything I can to help you.我将尽量帮助你。
从这两段材料中可以看出，有好几种表示未来情况的方式混合使用。这也反映了现实生活中的情况。下面我们将把表示未来情况的各种方式逐一加以讨论，并作一些比较。
Im going to clean the kitchen this afternoon.今天下午我准备打扫厨房。
Where are you going to put the new table?你打算把新桌子放在哪里？
He says hes going to stop smoking.他说他准备戒烟。
We are not going to stay there long.我们不准备在那里多待。
Are you going to come with us?你打算和我们一块儿去吗？
Its going to snow tonight.今晚要下雪。
I feel terrible. I think Im going to be sick.我难受极了，我想我要生病了。
Im afraid theyre going to lose the game.恐怕他们会输掉比赛。
The weather forecast says that its going to be warm tomorrow.天气预报说明天暖和。
We are all going to die some day.我们大家都有一天会死。
Are you going to the north?你准备到北方去吗？
Theyre coming!他们马上就来！
She is going to come early.她将来得很早。
I am going to the pictures on Friday; would you like to come?我星期五打算去看电影，你愿意去吗？
Yes Ill come. Ill go if you go; Peter will come too if you ask him.我愿意去，你要是去我就去，如果你邀请彼得去他也会去。
Peter are you going to join us?彼得，你准备和我们一道去吗？
Take this medicine. Youll feel better in an hour or so.把药吃了，过一个多小时你会感觉好些的。
probably: Ill probably be home late this evening.今晚我回家可能比较晚。
I expect: I expect shell phone this afternoon.我估计今天下午她会来电话。
Im sure: Im sure youll succeed.我肯定你会成功。
I wonder: I wonder what will happen.不知会发生什么情况。
另外，第45节所谈的情况一般宜用一般将来时，不宜用be going to结构。
The UN General Assembly opens in New York next month.联合国大会下月在纽约开会。
Tomorrow is Thursday.明天是礼拜四。
School finishes on June 24.学期六月二十四日结束。
What time does the match begin?比赛什么时候开始？
The plane takes off at 6:40 p.m.飞机下午六点四十起飞。
We have a holiday tomorrow.我们明天放假。
The meeting starts straight after lunch.午饭后立即开会。
She leaves at nine oclock tomorrow morning.她明天早上九点动身。
The next train arrives at 12:40.下一班火车十二点四十到。
Try to finish your work before you leave.离开前设法把工作做完。
Ill discuss this with you when we meet.我们见面时再商量这事。
Ill take care of the child while you are away.你不在时我来照顾孩子。
Ill let you know as soon as I hear from her.我一接她的信就通知你。
Hell do it if you pay him.如果你付钱他是会干的。
Supposing he does not come shall we go without him?如果他不来，是不是不带他去？
I hope he is on time.希望他能准时到。
I hope you enjoy your holiday.希望你假期过得好。
She hopes she passes her exam all right.她希望考试顺利通过。
Were going to a football match on Saturday.星期六我们去看足球赛。
What are you doing at the weekend?周末你干什么？
When is she leaving for home?她什么时候动身回家？
We are meeting at 2:30 p.m.我们下午两点半碰头。
Were having a party next week.我们下星期将开一个晚会。
Im doing my homework this evening.今晚我将做作业。
What are you having for supper tonight?你今晚晚饭吃什么？
The orchestra is playing a Mozart Symphony after this.在这之后乐队将演奏一首莫扎特的交响曲。
Im taking the children to the zoo on Sunday.我星期天带孩子们去动物园。
Hes leaving the university in two years time.他两年后大学毕业。
Im leaving.我走了。
Where are the boys?Theyre coming.小伙子们呢？他们马上就来。
OPEC representatives are to meet in Geneva next Tuesday.石油输出国代表下星期二在日内瓦开会。
Theyre to call me on Sunday.他们礼拜天将给我打电话来。
Youre to deliver these flowers before 10.把花在十点前送到。
Im to play Juliet.我将扮演朱丽叶。
The book I edited is to appear soon.我编的那本书即将问世。
aYou are not to smoke in this room.你不应在这个房间里吸烟。
Suppose he comes here. What am I to tell him?如果他来，我该对他怎么说？
bHow am I to find so much money?我怎么能找到这么多钱？
How are we to convince him?我们怎么能说服他呢？
cIf we are to succeed we must rely on the masses.我们要成功必须依靠群众。
If there is to be peace we must try in every way to prevent war.要和平，就得想尽一切办法制止战争。
She is about to be transferred to another department.她即将调往另一个部门。
The train is about to leave.火车即将开出。
Another 300 people are about to lose their jobs.又有300人将要失业。
Im not about to stop when Im so close to success.我这样接近成功时不打算停下来。
The BA 561 is due to arrive from Athens at 13:15.由雅典飞来的英国航空公司561号班机将于下午一点一刻到达。
The talk is due to last for three days.会谈将持续三天。
He is due to speak tonight.他定于今晚发言。
When are you due to go home?你准备什么时候回家？
Its due to be completed in 2010.它将在2010年建成。
This time next week Ill be lying on the beach.下星期这个时候我就会躺在沙滩上了。
Dont phone me between 7 and 8 p.m. Well be having dinner then.七八点钟之间别来电话，那时我们会在吃晚饭。
At ten oclock tomorrow she will be working in her office.明天十点钟她会在办公室工作。
What will you be doing at 6 p.m. tomorrow?明天下午六点钟你会在干什么？
At this time tomorrow Ill be taking a test.明天这时我会在考试。
A week from today well flying home.一星期之后我们就乘坐着飞机回家了。
On Tuesday from 1 to 3 p.m. shell be attending a meeting.星期二下午一点至三点表她将在开会。
During the first week we will be forming study groups.第一周我们将组织学习小组。
Ill be seeing her this evening.我今晚会见到她。
What time will your cousin be arriving tomorrow?你表哥明天什么时候到？
Will you be passing the post office when youre out?你出去时会从邮局经过吗？
Will you be using your typewriter this evening?你今晚要用你的打字机吗？
Well be spending the winter in Australia.我们将在澳大利亚过冬。
Professor Blake will be giving a lecture on Shelley tomorrow evening.明天晚上布雷克教授将作一个关于雪莱的报告。
A space vehicle will be circling Jupiter in five years time.五年后将有一艘太空船绕木星运行。
Well be getting in touch with you.我们将和你取得联系。
see这里表示会晤，可以有ing形式。
When we get there shell have gone to work.我们到那里时她会已上班。
The film will have started by the time we get to the cinema.我们到电影院时电影已开始。
Phone us after 8 oclock p.m. Well have finished dinner by then.八点以后给我们来电话。那时我们已吃完饭。
On Monday hell have been in Britain for three years.到星期一，他在英国就满三年了。
By the end of the trip shell have travelled more than 3000 miles.到此行结束时，她业已旅游三千多英里了。
Ill have retired by the year 2010.到2010年我已退休了。
By this time next week we will have been married a year.到下星期这时候我们就已结婚一年了。
I saw your sister a few days ago.前几天我见到了你妹妹。
We went to the cinema last night.昨晚我们去看电影了。
I didnt like the film very much.我不太喜欢那个电影。
What time did you get back?你们什么时候回到家里的？
Just now he told me his mother was ill.他刚才告诉我他妈病了。
I saw her a minute ago.一分钟前我还见过她的。
She phoned a moment ago.她前一会儿来过电话。
Did the telephone ring just now?电话铃响了吗？
Who told you this?这是谁告诉你的？
Did you hear anyone knocking at the door?你听见有人敲门了吗？
We often played together when we were children.我们小时候常在一起玩。
Sometimes we quarreled.有时候我们也吵架。
But we always enjoyed each others company.可我们总是喜欢在一起。
I was glad to get your letter.接到你的信我很高兴。
How did you like their performance?你觉得他们的表演如何？
I didnt know you were so busy.我没想到你这么忙。
I thought you were out.我还以为你出去了哩。
I didnt expect to see you here.没想到在这里碰到你。
It was a pity you didnt go to the talk.很遗憾你没去听报告。
What did you say?你说什么？
What was the final score?最后比分多少？
Luxun was a great writer.鲁迅是一位伟大的作家。
贝多芬是德国古典音乐最伟大的代表之一。
The girl was an orphan.那女孩是一个孤儿。
It was then a small fishing village.那时它只是一个小渔村。
I was sorry to see them go.看到他们走我很难过。
I was ten when I lost my father.我父亲死时我才十岁。
We were poor in those days.那时我们很穷。
These were our major problems.这些是我们的主要问题。
You were then only five years old.那时你才五岁。
You were all educated in the same school.你们都曾在同一所学校上学。
I wasnt interested in going.我没有兴趣去。
She wasnt worried at all.她一点不着急。
We werent in town that day.那天我们不在城里。
They werent happy about the result.对这结果他们感到不太高兴。
Were you an English major then?那时你是主修英语的吗？
Was she the winner or the loser?她是赢家还是输家？
Were they all college students?他们都是大学生吗？
Was she the only speaker?她是唯一的发言人吗？
Where were you at that time?那时你在哪里？
How many people were present?有多少人出席？
Was she married or single at that time?那时她是已婚还是单身？
Were you a student or a teacher?你那时是学生还是教师？
She was a music lover wasnt she?她是一位音乐爱好者，对吧？
You were a supporter of the plan werent you?你是这个计划的支持者，对吧？
I saw Jane yesterday last summer .我是昨天去年夏天见到简的。
This happened last Friday many years ago .这是上星期五许多年前发生的事。
When did you learn about it?这事你是什么时候知道的？
I played football every day when I was a boy.我小时候天天踢足球。
I always liked Anna.我一向喜欢安娜。
We often talked together.我们常常一起聊天。
We seldom argued.我们很少争吵。
We met almost every day.我们几乎每天见面。
Sometimes she didnt agree with me.有时她和我意见不一致。
But we were as happy together as ever.但我们在一起仍像过去一样快乐。
Who left the door open?谁让门开着？
He played many sports in high school.他在高中时从事许多运动。
She soon became fluent in English.她很快英语就很流利了。
Michel won the scholarship.米歇尔赢得了奖学金。
What did she major in?她是学哪个专业的？
Li Min didnt take calculus in college. She never failed in an exam. She studied English for four years. She also studied French for two years.李明在大学时没学微积分。她考试从未不及格过。她学了四年英语，还学了两年法语。
在小说、童话、传记等叙述性作品中绝大部分句子都用一般过去时。此外，还可用于虚拟语气。
During the summer of 1999 she was travelling in Europe.1999年夏天她在欧洲旅行。
What were you doing when I called you?我给你打电话时你在干什么？
Last year I was still living in Singapore.去年我还住在新加坡。
He was studying at the library at the time of the fire.起火时他在图书馆看书。
I was reading the newspaper when the door bell rang.我正在看报，突然门铃响了。
She was then working in an army hospital.那时她在一家陆军医院工作。
We were reviewing our lessons last night.昨天晚上我们在复习功课。
I was having a shower at that time.那时我正冲澡。
Where were you? We were looking for you.你到哪儿去了？我们在找你呢。
1 waved to her but she wasnt looking.我向她挥手但她没往这边瞧。
I saw you in the park. You were talking to a girl.我在公园看见你，你在和一个姑娘谈话。
She didnt hear the door bell. She was listening to the radio.她没听见门铃响，她在听收音机。
Someone was following her. She was frightened.有人在后面跟她，她很害怕。
That was the letter I was expecting.这正是我等的信。
He was busy. He was writing an essay.他很忙，他在写一篇文章。
She knew she was doing the right thing.她知道她做的是对的。
Jim burnt his hand when he was cooking the dinner.吉姆做饭时把手烫了。
I met Diana while I was shopping this morning.我今早买东西时碰到了戴安娜。
He hurt his back when he was working in the garden.他在花园干活时把背扭伤了。
While I was waiting for the bus I dropped my purse.我等公共汽车时把钱包丢了。
They were all working in the garden. Tom was moving the grass. James was cutting the hedge and Lily was weeding the flowerbeds.他们都在花园里干活。汤姆在推草，詹姆斯在修剪篱笆，莉莉在花圃除草。
It was a dreadful morning. The snow was still falling the wind was blowing and the cars were skidding on the icy roads.这是一个可怕的早晨，雪还在下，风在刮，汽车在结冰的路上打滑。
It was evening. The sun was setting. A gentle wind was blowing through the trees. In the distance I saw a car moving across the dusty plain. It stopped and two men jumped out of it.这是傍晚时分。太阳正在落山，一阵和风从树丛中吹过。在远处我看到一辆小汽车在尘土飞扬的平原上开动。车停了下来，从里面跳出两个男人。
It was just before the Second World War. Bill was 18 at the time and was living with his mother. He was working in the post office and travelling all the time in the country delivering mail. One day he received a mysterious letter.这是第二次世界大战爆发前的事。比尔这时才十八岁，和他母亲住在一起。他在邮局工作，经常在乡下转来转去送信。有一天他接到一封神秘的信。
在很多小说的开头都可能看到这样的段落。
I was wondering if you could give me a lift.不知我可否顺便搭你的车。
I was thinking maybe we could meet some other time.我在想或许我们可以改天再见。
I was hoping you would give me some advice.我希望你给我出点主意。
Four of them were coming for Sunday lunch.他们有四个人将在星期天来吃午饭。
Her daughter was going to a summer camp the following day.她的女儿将在第二天去参加夏令营。
He said he was leaving for home in a day or two.他说他一两天之内就动身回家了。
She knew the plane was taking off in five minutes.她知道五分钟后飞机就要起飞了。
He was going to buy her some shoes.他准备给她买几双鞋。
Did she say she was going to leave?她说没说她准备走？
She was not going to do anything that evening.这天晚上她不准备做任何事。
There was going to be a thunderstorm.将要有雷暴。
When we arrived the train was just going to start.火车正要开出时我们到了。
Mr. Gerhardt was about to begin but Jennie spoke first.盖哈特先生正要开口，珍妮先说了。
He was about to say something more and then checked himself.他还想说几句的，却又止住了。
He waited until she was about to leave.他等着一直到她准备离开。
He met her in the doorway just as she was about to go away.她正要出去，他在门道碰到了她。
He was about to be transferred to another city.他正要被调往另一座城市。
They were due to meet again the following day.他们定于第二天再开会。
The boat was due to leave at half past two.船定于两点半起航。
She was due to graduate in the coming summer.她将于这年夏天毕业。
His book was due to be published in October.他的书将于十月出版。
I was on the point of going when you came in.我正要出去你来了。
He was on the point of leaving.他正要动身。
He was on the point of winning when he stumbled and fell.他正要获胜时摔了一跤。
Im glad youve come. I was just on the point of telephoning you.我很高兴你来了，我正要给你打电话。
I used to write poetry when I was young.我年轻时常常写诗。
She disliked him and used to curse him.她不喜欢他，常常骂他。
We used to play chess together.我们过去常常一道下棋。
Marie used to wear a uniform to school every day.玛丽每天都穿校服上学。
We used to live in a small town.我们过去住在一座小城。
She used to have her own room.她过去有她自己的房间。
It used to be a prosperous town.过去这是一座繁荣的城市。
I used to share a room with my sister.我过去和我妹妹合住一间房。
He never used to be so badtempered.他过去脾气从未这样坏过。
Did you use to work every weekend?Yes I did.你过去每个周末都工作吗？是的。
Did you use to play football?你过去常踢足球吗？
You used to smoke a pipe didnt you?你过去是抽烟斗的，对吧？
Where did you use to live?你过去住哪儿？
I didnt use to work there.我过去不在那里工作。
She didnt use to have her own room.她过去并没有她自己的房间。
We didnt use to go to the beach during the summer.夏天我们并不常去海边。
You didnt use to smoke.你过去是不抽烟的。
Ive just had my lunch.我刚吃过午饭。
Ive already posted your letters.我已把你的信发走了。
Has the rain stopped yet?雨停了吗？
Weve not been to the cinema recently.我们最近没去看过电影。
She hasnt received your letter她还没收到你的来信。
Hes just left.他刚走。
Weve planted thousands of trees in the past few years.过去几年我们种了成千上万棵树。
Ive been there twice this year.今年我去过那里两次。
Up till now Ive only learned a thousand English words.到现在我只学了一千英语词汇。
He hasnt worked very hard this term.这学期他不太用功。
I havent eaten anything today.今天我什么东西都还没吃。
She has never spoken to such a big audience before.她以前从未向这么多人讲过话。
Have you ever seen any film like that?你看过这样的电影吗？
Thats the most interesting book Ive ever read.这是我看过的最有意思的书。
How have you been?你近来怎样？
She has been a dancer for ten years.她已当了十年的舞蹈演员了。
How long have you lived here?你在这里住了多久了？
The storm has lasted for three hours.暴雨已经持续了三个钟头了。
He has worked as an animal trainer for many years.他当了好几年的驯兽师。
Shes always felt that films should be educational.她一向认为电影应有教育性。
The temperature has stayed hot this week.这星期天气一直很热。
Ive waited a week for your answer.你的回答我等了一个礼拜。
My daughter has fallen ill.我女儿病了。
Have you booked the tickets?你订票了吗？
Have they finished?他们干完了吗？
Have you found your dog?你的狗找着了吗？
George has won!乔治赛赢了！
Have you heard from her?你接到她的信了吗？
He has left China for home.他已离开中国回国了。
Im sorry Ive given you so much trouble.对不起给了你这么多麻烦。
Ive often heard her sing this song.我常常听见她唱这支歌。
Have you ever seen a gorilla?你看到过大猩猩吗？
She has been here frequently.她常常到这里来。
Ive always wondered why they were so cruel to animals.我一向纳闷他们为什么对动物这样残酷。
He has never lost confidence in a bright future.他从未对光明的前途失去信心。
She has attended classes regularly.她经常按时上课。
Theyve come to visit us from time to time.他们不时来探访我们。
He has occasionally mentioned it to us.他偶尔向我们提到此事。
Shes seldom made grammatical mistakes.她很少犯过语法错。
Have you seen him today?你今天见到他了吗？
How many new buildings have you put up this year?今年你们盖了多少座大楼？
In the past two years Ive seen him little.过去两年我很少见到他。
For some time past Ive suffered from high blood pressure.过去一段时间我患了高血压。
He has lived here for the last few years.最近几年他住在这里。
She hasnt appeared on TV before now.在现在以前她没上过电视。
Up to now the work has been easy.到现在为止这工作还算容易。
There have been two world wars in the past hundred years.过去一百年中打过两次世界大战。
He has never driven a car before.他过去从未开过车。
So far there has been no bad news.到现在为止还没有什么坏消息。
There havent been any parties in weeks.好几个礼拜没开过晚会了。
Ive just sent a fax to them.我刚刚发给他们一份传真。
Shes just tidied up the kitchen.她刚把厨房收拾好。
Have you passed the driving test yet?你已通过开车考试了吗？
I still havent passed it.我还没通过。
Have you typed my letter already?Yes Ive already typed it.你已把我的信打好了吗？已经打好了。
He has recently arrived in this city.他最近来到这座城市。
She has at last got everything ready.她最后把一切准备好了。
They have accepted our terms finally.他们最后接受了我们的条件。
Have you heard from her recently?你最近接到她的信了吗？
Ive known her for a long time.我认识她很长时间了。
Theyve lived here since 1989.从1989年起他们就在这里住了。
How long have they been married?他们结婚有多久了？
They have been married for ten years.他们结婚已经十年了。
How long have you had the car?这车你们用了多久了？
Weve had it for nearly five years.我们使用了快五年了。
Tom hasnt been home since he was a boy.汤姆从小离家就没回去过。
I saw Julia in April and I havent seen her since.我四月见到朱莉娅，从那之后就没见到她了。
这两个时态虽然都表示过去发生的事，但说话的目的不一样。用现在完成时往往是为说明现在情况，过去与现在的关系，表示从过去开始，至今已完成，而用过去时只是单纯谈过去的动作或状况本身。
Ive had a bad day. So far Ive brought several customers the wrong food. Ive broken a lot of dishes and no one has left me tips!我今天很不顺利，到现在为止，我已给几位顾客上错了菜，我打破了好些盘子，没人给过我小费！
What a terrible day! So far Ive given the wrong changes three times Ive made a 1000 error and someone has stolen my keys.今天糟糕极了！到现在为止，我找错了三次钱，出了一个一千美元的错，有人还偷了我的钥匙。
She has been to Europe twice.她到欧洲去过两次。
He has been abroad many times.他多次出国。
We have lived in England since I was a child.从我小时起我们就住在英国。
I have had a baby since I saw you last.上次见到你之后我生了一个孩子。
Its a long time since I met you last.好久不见了。
Its just a week since we arrived here.我们到这里才一个星期。
I havent seen you since Ive been back.我回来后还没见到过你。
He has never been to see me since I have been ill.我生病以来他从未来看过我。
Its some time since I have spoken to you about this matter.我和你谈及此事已有相当一段时间。
Ill write him when I have finished the book.我把这本书看完了再给他写信。
They will fight until they have overthrown the dictator.他们将战斗到把独裁者推翻。
After we have finished tea we will sit on the grass.喝完茶后我们将坐在草地上。
If she hasnt gone to bed when you see her tell her to give me a ring.如果你见到她时她还没睡觉，让她给我打个电话。
Its the first time she has driven a car.这是她第一次开车。
Its the second time this has happened.这样的事是第二次发生了。
Thats the third time hes phoned her this evening.这是今晚他第三次给她打电话了。
Its the first good meal Ive had for ages.这是好久以来我吃到的第一顿好饭。
How many brothers have you got?你有几个兄弟？
I havent got a thermometer.我没有体温表。
Ive got a bad headache.我头疼得很厉害。
Havent you got any criticism to offer?你没有什么意见要提吗？
Ive got to be off now.我现在得走了。
The child has got to have an operation.这孩子得动手术。
Thats what youve got to do.那是你不得不做的事。
We got to make ends meet.我们得使收支平衡。
Why are your clothes so dirty? What have you been doing?你的衣服为什么这么脏？你干什么来着？
There you are! Ive been waiting for an hour!你到底来了！我等了你一个钟头了！
The ground is wet. It has been raining.地是湿的。刚下雨来着。
She is very tired. Shes been working all morning.她很累。她干了一早晨了。
Youre out of breath. Have you been running?你气喘吁吁。是不是一直跑来着？
Hes been watching television all day.他看了一天电视了。
Ive been learning English for three years.我学了三年英语了。
Shes been playing tennis since she was eight.她从八岁起就打网球了。
Hes been smoking too much recently.他近来抽烟太多。
This whole week hes been training some new employees.这星期他一直训练新员工。
How long has it been raining?雨下了多久了？
How long have you been doing this work?这工作你干了多久了？
Have you been waiting long?你等了很久了吗？
How long has she been reading that book?这书她看了多久了？
All night long this has been going on.这已持续了一整夜了。
Jim has been phoning Jenny every night for the past week.一星期以来吉姆每天晚上给珍妮打电话。
Weve all along been making mistakes like this.我们一直犯这样的错误。
Has it been causing problems?它是不是一直在造成问题？
They have been meeting together weekly now for two years.他们每周碰头至今已有两年了。
Her eyes are red. She has been crying.她眼睛红了。她一直在哭。
The room stinks. Someones been smoking in here.屋里有烟味，有人抽烟来着。
Shes very tired. Shes been typing letters all day.她很累，她打了一天字了。
Arent you tired? Youve been standing for three hours.你不累吗？你站了三个钟头了。
Ive known him for many years.我认识他有许多年了。
Theyve been married for twenty years.他们结婚已二十年了。
The war has lasted for a long time.这场战争持续了很长时间。
Weve owned the house for forty years.这房子我已拥有四十年了。
Have you been waiting long?你等了很久了吧？
Weve long been making preparations for it.好久以来我们一直在为此作准备。
How long have you been arguing about it?你们辩论这问题有多久了？
All along weve been thinking of coming to see you.我们一直想来看你。
All the time shes been sitting there in silence.她一直静静地坐在那里。
All these years weve been trying to get in touch with you.这些年来我们一直设法和你联系。
When I got to the station the train had left.我到达车站时火车已经开了。
When I rang Mary had already gone to work.我打电话时玛丽已经上班。
We cleaned up as soon as our guest had left.客人一走我们立即收拾房间。
By this time he had already made some friends.到这时他已交了一些朋友。
By that time shed already finished the job.到那时她已完成了任务。
By two oclock wed already got everything ready.到两点钟我们已做好一切准备。
By dusk the news had spread through the city.到黄昏时消息已传遍全城。
After we had finished tea we all sat on the grass.我们吃完下午茶后就都坐到草地上。
I found the letter after he had gone away.他走了以后我找到了那封信。
I told them after you had left或you left.你走后我把这事告诉了他们。
We were not hungry. Wed just had lunch.我们不饿。我们刚吃过午饭。
The room was dirty. I hadnt cleaned it for weeks.房间很脏，有几星期我没打扫了。
We arrived at the cinema late. The film had already begun.我们到电影院太晚了，电影已经开始。
Was Julia at the office?No shed gone home.朱莉娅在办公室吗？不在，她回家了。
The house was quiet. Everybody had gone to bed.屋子里很安静，大家都睡觉了。
We had wanted to visit Canada for a long time. So we went there last year.好久以来我们都想去加拿大，因此去年我们去了。
When had you last seen her? Where had you last seen her?你上一次什么时候见到她的？上次你在哪里见到她的？
Who had last seen her? What had happened to her?谁最后一次见到她的？她发生什么事了？
aWe found that somebody had broken our window.我们发现有人把我们的窗户打破了。
I thought I had done the right thing.我认为我做对了。
I soon realized that I had made a serious mistake.不久我意识到我犯了一个严重的错误。
He didnt mention that he had seen my sister.他没提见到了我妹妹。
I thought you had already got my letter.我还以为你已收到我的信了哩。
bHe was sorry that we had lost the game.我们比赛输了，他感到遗憾。
I didnt go because I had already seen the film.我没有去因为我已看过这部电影。
She was very excited as she had never been to a dance.她很激动因为她从未参加过舞会。
cHe showed me the article he had written.他把他写的文章拿给我看。
I wore the necklace my mother had left me.我戴着我妈留给我的项链。
This was the first time he had ever been late.这是他第一次迟到。
It was the second time he had been out with her.这是他第二次和她一道出去。
That was the third time he had entered the house.那是他第三次进入这座房子。
It was the first time that I had ever driven a taxi.这是我第一次开出租车。
用于hope，intend，mean，think等词的过去完成时，表示未实现的愿望。
I had hoped to send him a Christmas card but I forgot to do so.我本来希望寄给他一张圣诞卡的，但我忘了寄了。
I had intended to come over to see you last night but someone called and I couldnt get away.昨晚我本想去看你的，但有人来了我走不开。
I had meant to go on Monday but have stayed on.我本想星期一走的，但又留下了。
We had thought to return early but they wouldnt let us go.我们本想早回来的，但他们不让我们走。
We arrived earlier than we had expected.我们到得比预料的早。
It was easier than I had thought.它比我原来想的容易。
Things didnt go so smoothly as we had hoped.情况并不像我们希望的那样顺利。
The place wasnt as clean as we had wanted it to be.这地方没有我们希望的那样干净。
Dusk had fallen. The moon was shining faintly on the winding road. Silence reigned in the village.夜色已经降临，淡淡的月光照在蜿蜒的路上，村子里一片寂静。
When we returned from our holidays we found our house in a mess. What had happened when we had been away? A burglar had broken into the house and had stolen a lot of things.我们度假回来时发现屋里给弄得一塌糊涂。我们不在时发生了什么情况呢？一个小偷潜入屋内，偷去了我们大量东西。
The burglar got in through the kitchen window. He had no difficulty in forcing it open. Then he went into the livingroom.小偷是从厨房的窗子里进去的，他把窗子撬开并不困难，然后他就进入客厅。
The ground was wet. It had been raining.地是湿的。此前一直在下雨。
At last the bus came. I had been waiting for half an hour.最后公共汽车来了，我已等了半小时。
She was out of breath. She had been running.她气喘吁吁，她一直在跑。
He gave up smoking last year. Hed been smoking for twenty years.去年他戒烟了。他抽烟已经二十年了。
When I first met her she had been working in the company for ten years.我第一次见到她时，她在那家公司已工作十年了。
I had not been waiting long when a taxi drew up.我没等多久就来了一辆出租车。
She had been looking at the parcel for some time before she realized that it was for her mother.这包裹她看了好一会儿才明白这是寄给她妈的。
UntilUp till then she had been living with her daughter.到那时为止她一直和她女儿一起住。
Her eyes were red. It was obvious she had been crying.她眼睛红红的，显然她是哭了。
Jane was annoyed. Peter had been phoning her every night.简很不高兴。彼得一直每晚给她打电话。
He was very tired. He had been working all day.他很累。他干了一整天活。
She couldnt understand him. She hadnt been learning English long.她不懂他的话。她学英语的时间还不长。
She had been watching TV all day.她看了一天的电视。
We had been travelling in many countries.我们一直在许多国家旅游。
I had been reading your book.我一直在看你写的书。
The rain had been pouring all night.倾盆大雨下了一整夜。
They said that they had been fighting for their rights all these years.他们说这些年来他们一直在为他们的权利而斗争。
I heard youd been looking for me.我听说你一直在找我。
I wanted to know what had been going on.我想知道一直在发生什么事。
That was just the letter I had been expecting.这正是我一直期待的信。
The drive increased the fatigue she had been feeling.开车增加了她一直感到的疲惫。
That was exactly what we had been trying to do.这正是我们一直想做的事。
We had known each other for many years.我们认识许多年了。
They had loved me like their own child.他们一直像亲生孩子一样爱我。
We had already reached 9000 feet. Soon we would reach the top.我们已达到9000英尺的高度。不久我们就会到达山顶。
In the end they would succeed.最终他们会成功的。
It was six oclock. The sun would soon set.这时是六点钟。太阳即将落山。
From these outings we would return on Monday morning.作了这些短途旅行，我们将于星期一早上返回。
I knew you would agree.我知道你会同意的。
I asked if he would come and mend my television set.我问他可否来修我的电视机。
I said I would arrange everything.我说我来安排一切。
He told me he would wait for me outside.他告诉我他将在外边等我。
I thought it would rain and sure enough it did.我想会下雨，果然下了。
I hoped the weather would be favourable.我希望天气会有利。
I was certain he would come.我肯定他会来。
I wasnt sure whether he would agree.我不太肯定他是否会同意。
It was a problem whether they would support us.他们是否会支持我们还是个问题。
I thought youd be sleeping.我以为你在睡觉哩。
She said she would be looking after you.她说她会照顾你的。
He didnt know when hed be seeing us again.他不知道什么时候会再见到我们。
They moved to the main entrance where the car would be waiting.他们向大门走去，那辆车会在那里等着。
I asked her what she would be doing on Saturday.我问她星期六干什么。
She said shed be shopping as usual.她说她会像平常那样在买东西。
I was excited. Next Wednesday we would be flying to Sydney.我很兴奋。下星期三我们就会飞往悉尼了。
I was afraid we wouldnt be seeing Uncle John while we were in Australia.我担心在澳洲时我们会见不着约翰叔叔。
I thought Sophia would have told you something by then.我想届时索菲娅已经告诉你一些情况。
He knew by the time he arrived she would have gone home.他知道他到时她会已经回到家。
She said shed have finished her exams by then.她说那时她会已经考完试了。
I guessed that Mother would have made some sandwiches by the time we got back.我猜我们回来时妈妈已经做好一些三明治了。
这两个时态用得相对比较少，通常只见于转述方面。
When we arrived the train was just going to start.我们到达时火车正要开出。
Marsha was going to come with us.玛莎准备和我们一道去。
I thought it was going to rain.我想要下雨了。
We were just going to leave when the telephone rang.我们正要走时电话铃响了。
Judy was going to meet me but she was ill and couldnt come.朱迪本来准备来接我的，但她生病没能来。
I couldnt join them as I was about to go into hospital.我不能参加他们的活动因为我就要住院了。
We were about to go into the cinema when Maria appeared.我们正要走进电影院玛丽亚来了。
I was just about to go to bed when I heard a knock on the door.我正要睡觉，听见有人敲门。
I saw the soup was about to boil over so I turned the gas off.我看见汤要开得溢出来，因此我把煤气关上了。
The plane was due to take off in ten minutes.再有十分钟飞机就要起飞了。
Mary was due to leave at ten oclock.玛丽定于十点出发。
The talk was due to last for three days.会谈将进行三天。
They were due to meet again that afternoon.那天下午他们将再次碰头。
She was due to graduate that autumn.她将于那年秋天毕业。
She was just on the point of going away when Betty came in.她正要离开贝蒂进来了。
We were on the point of telephoning you when your fax arrived.我们正要给你打电话你的传真到了。
When he was on the point of winning he stumbled and fell.他正要获胜，绊了一下摔倒了。
The coach was on the point of giving up the game when our team scored two points.教练正准备放弃这场比赛，我们队连得两分。
I was to see him tomorrow but the appointment was cancelled.我定在明天和他见面，但约会取消了。
She was to meet Kurt at an agreed place on the street.她将和库尔特在街上约定的地方见面。
We were to do whatever they told us to do.我们将做他们让我们做的任何事。
Not a soul was to be seen.一个人影都看不到。
This I was only to learn later.这一点我以后才知道。
I was to have seen him last Wednesday but he did not come.我本来打算在上星期三和他见面，但是他没有来。
We were to have been married last year.我们本来打算去年结婚的。
Roda was to have come with me for a ride in my new car.洛达本来要来乘坐一下我的新车的。
I was to have told you about it but I didnt have time to come over.我本来要告诉你的，但我没有时间过来。
He said he wasnt free.他说他没空。
Its reported that they are building a new railway.据报道他们正在修建一条新铁路。
Has he told you when he is going home?他对你讲过他什么时候回家吗？
Were trying to find out where she lives.我们正在打听她住在哪里。
Will you please tell us how you got to know it?你可否告诉我们你是怎么知道的？
The teacher said that the Yellow River is Chinas second largest river.教师说黄河是中国的第二大河。
This proved once again that the earth is round.这再次证明地球是圆的。
He told me he works there as an editor.他说他在那里当编辑。
She said shell be back tonight.她说她今晚回来。
The doctor said Ill be all right in a few days.医生说我过几天会好的。
I didnt know that our meeting is next Tuesday.我不知道我们是下星期二开会。
Mary said shell do it.玛丽说她来做。
主要看是否强调现在的情况。
He wondered if she dared come home.
Where is the new film showing?这部电影在哪里放映？
Is the book selling well?这书销售好吗？
I am to blame.这得怪我。
The house is to let.房屋出租。
This surface cleans easily.这个表面很容易清洗。
The novel is reprinting already.这小说又在重印了。
These clothes wash well.这种衣服好洗。
Over a hundred people were invited to the banquet.有一百多人被邀出席宴会。
The ceremony was held in the town hall.仪式在市政大厅举行。
How many people have been arrested?有多少人被捕？
President Kennedy was assassinated.肯尼迪总统被谋杀。
A pedestrian was knocked over by a car.一位行人被汽车撞倒。
They feel they are discriminated against.他们感到受歧视。
The patient was operated on yesterday.病人昨天动的手术。
The old rules have been done away with.陈旧的规定被废除了。
Your complaint is being looked into.你的投诉正在调查中。
They are looked down upon by everyone.他们受到大家的鄙视。
This can be discussed later.这可以以后再讨论。
She might be invited to speak at the meeting.她可能被邀在会上发言。
All the invitations must be sent out today.所有请帖必须今天发出。
They should be consulted.应当征求他们的意见。
He ought to be allowed to stay.应允许他留下。
The play is going to be produced in May.这个剧将于五月演出。
We are not to be bullied.我们不能受人欺侮。
A press conference is about to be held.即将举行记者招待会。
过去分词在大多数情况下都有被动意思。
The boy was told to go to bed.
She was asked to sing a song.
They were forced to work twelve hours a day.
He was often heard to sing this song.
It was believed to be true.
The box was found to be empty.
He was elected chairman.
She was called Cinderella.
You will be made captain of the team.
This must be kept a secret.
The door was painted black.
The room should be kept clean.
The prisoner was set free.
The boy was found in excellent health.
He was given something to read.
They are taught many subjects at school.
We were told many interesting stories.
这类句子的主动结构有两个宾语即直接宾语和间接宾语，当句子变为被动结构时，间接宾语多变成主语，直接宾语保留下来，称为保留宾语retained object。
It is reported that over twenty people were killed in the explosion.
It is said that his income is 200 an hour.
It is rumored that he is going to resign.
It was understood that you were to bear the cost.
English is taught in most schools.大多数学校都教英语。
How is this word pronounced?这个字怎么读？
Many accidents are caused by careless driving.许多车祸都因开车不小心造成。
We are given a lot of homework to do.我们有很多作业要做。
Im asked to clean my room once a week.要我每周打扫一次房间。
Their wedding was held in a church.他们的婚礼在一家教堂举行。
A banquet was given in honour of them.为他们举行了一次宴会。
They were given a warm sendoff.他们受到热烈的欢送。
She was asked to sing a song.大家要求她唱一支歌。
We were taken to the airport in a company car.我们由公司汽车送到机场。
The case will be tried next week.这个案子将于下周审判。
The conference will be held in Hague.这次会议将在海牙举行。
Do you think the book will be reprinted?你认为这书会重印吗？
The rostrum will be decorated with fresh flowers.主席台将用鲜花装饰。
Some of us will be asked to speak at the meeting.我们有些人将被邀在会上发言。
He knew he would be punished for it.他知道他会为此受到惩罚。
They were afraid the city would be bombarded.他们担心城市会受到轰炸。
She seldom thought she would be rewarded.她一点没想她会受到酬谢。
He hoped that he would be assigned a more suitable job.他希望能分配他更合适的工作。
The room is being cleaned at the moment.房间此刻正在打扫。
I think we are being followed.我想我们被人跟踪了。
The road is being widened.马路正在加宽。
Your steak is being grilled.你的牛排正在烤。
The road was being repaired. We had to make a detour.正在修路，我们得绕行。
They told me that the case was being investigated.他们告诉我案子正在调查。
He said that jets were being designed to fly above the atmosphere.他说正在设计能在大气层上空飞行的喷气飞机。
We couldnt use the office. It was being redecorated.办公室不能用，它正在装修。
I learned that a new rocket was being launched that day.我听说那天要发射一枚新型火箭。
将来进行时和过去将来进行时都没有被动语态。
Has the mail been delivered yet?邮件已经投递了吗？
Some new stars have been discovered.发现了一些新的恒星。
A spaceship has recently been launched.最近发射了一艘太空船。
All the tickets have been sold out.票已售完。
The vegetables didnt taste good. They had been cooked for too long.蔬菜不好吃，煮的时间太长了。
It was the first time he had been bitten by a dog.这是他第一次被狗咬。
The new railway had already been opened.新铁路已通车。
He wanted to know if the result had been announced.他想知道结果是否已经宣布。
将来完成时和过去将来完成时很少用于被动结构。完成进行时也都没有被动结构。
Can this be done by machine?这可以由机器来做吗？
Satellites can be launched by such rockets.卫星可以由这种火箭发射。
Such a situation could be changed he thought.他想这种状况可以改变。
This cant be done in a short time.这不是短期内可以完成的。
Can this have been done by a child?这能是一个孩子做的事吗？
Such accidents could have been prevented.这样的事故本来是可以防止的。
They could not have been overheard.不会有人听到他们的讲话。
Some day life on earth may be destroyed.有一天地球上的生物可能被毁灭。
More space stations may be built.可能建造更多的太空站。
You might may be allowed to stay longer.可能允许你多待一些时间。
New species might may be discovered.可能会发现新的品种。
She may have been sent to work elsewhere.她可能被派到别处工作去了。
The picture may have been painted by a student.这幅画可能是一个学生画的。
It might have been done better if you had been more careful.如果你更细心一点你可能会干得更好的。
I know he was going to have an interview today. He may have been interviewed at this very moment.我知道他今天有一次访谈。这时可能就有人在采访他。
These must be handled with care.这些必须轻拿轻放。
The book must be finished by the end of the month.这本书必须月底完成。
My passport must be renewed.我的护照必须延期。
This mustnt be neglected.这一点不可忽视。
Such things mustnt be discussed in public.这种事不可在公众场合讨论。
The door must have been locked by my wife.门一定是我妻子锁的。
This question must have been raised by Julia.这问题一定是朱莉娅提的。
The temple must have been rebuilt.这座庙一定是重建的。
More money should be spent on space research.在太空研究上应多花一些钱。
The environment should be improved.环境应当改善。
A stadium should be built in this area.这个地区应当修建一座体育场。
What kind of research should be done in your opinion?照你看应当进行哪种研究？
This should have been planned well ahead.这些应当提前做计划。
They should have been given more books to read.本应多给他们一些书读的。
They shouldnt have been told about it.这事是不应当告诉他们的。
Need they be notified of her expulsion?她被开除需要通知他们吗？
This neednt be mentioned in the letter.这在信中不必提及。
The second point neednt be discussed today.第二点今天不必讨论。
A press conference is going to be held tonight.今晚要举行一个记者招待会。
The meeting is going to be put off.会议将要延期。
When are they going to be married?他们准备什么时候结婚？
A supermarket is going to be built here next year.明年这里将修建一家超级市场。
Such activities ought to be prohibited.这种活动应当禁止。
They ought to be encouraged to voice their views.应当鼓励他们提出自己的看法。
He ought to be promoted.他应当提升。
Such patients ought to be isolated.这种病人应当隔离。
All kinds of difficulties have to be overcome.有各种困难需要克服。
Economy has had to be practiced.必须厉行节约。
Itll have to be done all over again.整个得重做一遍。
Other problems also had to be faced.还需面对其他问题。
Such people are to be pitied.这种人应受到怜悯。
Not a cloud soul was to be seen.看不到一朵云彩一个人影。
Not a sound was to be heard.听不到一点声音。
They were to have been married last year.他们本来去年要结婚的。
They are bound to be defeated.他们一定会被打败。
You are bound to be told this sometime.这一点什么时候一定会有人告诉你的。
These traitors are sure to be punished.这些叛徒一定会受到惩处。
If you do this you are certain to be found out.如果你这样做一定会被发现。
The work is about to be finished.这工作即将完成。
Crops are due to be reaped in late autumn.庄稼将在秋末收割。
The store is apt to be closed.这家店很可能要关门。
The Second World War was brought about by Hitlers invasion of Poland.第二次世界大战是希特勒进攻波兰引起的。
The meeting has been brought forward to the 7th.会议提前到七号举行。
I was brought up by my aunt.我是我姑姑带大的。
The meeting has been put back until next week.会议被推迟到下礼拜举行。
When was the theory first put forward?这个理论最早是什么时候提出的？
She was easily put out by little things.她常为小事生气。
Oh dear! The bag has been left behind.啊天哪！手提包给落下了。
The attackers were beaten off.进攻的人被击退了。
She has never been operated on before.她从未动过手术。
The meeting was brought to a sudden close.会议突然结束。
The constitution was never put in force.这部宪法从未生效过。
The murderer was put to death in the electric chair.杀人犯在电椅上被处死。
The baby was looked after by her sister.这婴儿由她的姐姐照顾。
It is looked upon as very advanced.它被认为是很先进的。
His plan was laughed at by everyone.他的计划大家都嘲笑。
She asked me whether I had been waited on.她问我是否已有人招待。
These things are not easily put up with.这种事是不容易忍受的。
He must have been looked down upon by his contemporaries.他一定受到他当代人的鄙视。
His retirement is very much looked forward to by the office staff.办公室人员都盼望他退休。
He was looked up to by his followers.他受到他追随者的尊敬。
She was well taken care of.她受到很好的照顾。
He was often made fun of.人们常常取笑他。
He was awarded the Rumford Medal of the Royal Society.他被授予了皇家学会的拉姆福德奖章。
They were granted many privileges.他们被给予许多特权。
They should be taught how to read and write.应当教他们读书写字。
I have been offered a job in Spain.有人给了我一份在西班牙的工作。
He was paid five hundred dollars.他们付给了他五百美元。
They should be given a chance to try.应当给他们尝试的机会。
The prize has been awarded to Dr. Davidson.奖金颁给了戴维森博士。
The ball was passed to the centreforward.球被传给了中锋。
No refreshments were offered to them.没给他们提供茶点。
关于这类结构，还可参阅第80节。
He is said to pay less income tax than he should.据说他所得税交得不够。
He was considered to be a genius.他被认为是一个天才。
These remedies are believed to be very effective.这些疗法据信很有效。
He is supposed to be at work at the moment.此刻他应当在工作。
He is thought to be the best player.他被认为是最佳运动员。
It is said that there is plenty of oil off our coast.据说我们近海有大量石油。
It is alleged that the hostage is dead.据称人质已经死了。
It was reported that the enemy had surrendered.据报道敌人已经投降。
Its believed that the troops have already crossed the border.据信军队已越过边界。
Its expected that the war would end soon.预计战争不久即可结束。
It is feared that many lives have been lost in the plane crash.大家担心这次飞机坠毁有许多人丧生。
There is said to be plenty of oil off our coast.据信我们近海有大量石油。
There are known to be thousands of different species of beetles.据了解，有成千上万种不同的甲虫。
There is supposed to be a train at 9:30.九点半应有一班火车。
There is bound to be someone who remembers him.准有人还记得他。
Finally she got elected.最后她被选上了。
I got dressed as quickly as I could.我尽快穿好衣服。
Dont get lost!不要迷路了！
I got drunk for the first time in my life last night.昨晚我有生以来第一次喝醉了。
We got caught in the storm.我们碰上暴雨了。
She nearly got hit by a car.她差点被汽车撞上了。
Did you get hurt in any way?你受什么伤了吗？
They all got soaked.他们全身都湿透了。
The sky suddenly became overcast with clouds.突然天空布满乌云。
At last the truth became known.最后真相大白了。
There he became acquainted with Balzac.在那里他和巴尔扎克认识了。
His wound had become infected.他的伤口感染了。
Ive grown accustomed to looking after you.我照看你已经习惯了。
Soon he grew used to it.不久他对它变得习惯了。
I grew excited and a little frightened.我变得激动起来，也有点害怕。
Arthur seemed embarrassed by the question.阿瑟似乎被这问题弄得很尴尬。
No one seemed inclined to ask questions.似乎没人想问问题。
She looked worn out.她显得疲惫不堪。
The door remained closed.门仍然关着。
They felt insulted.他们感觉受到侮辱。
I felt hurt.我感到受到伤害。
Pa has had his hands burned.爸的手被烫了。
She had her watch stolen.她的表被偷了。
Ive had the stove lighted.我已让人把炉子生好了。
Ive just had a photo taken.我刚照了一张相。
We have your medicine prepared now.我们已把你的药准备好了。
I wont have anything said against her.我不允许说她的任何坏话。
He has had everything fixed up.他已把一切修理好。
Shes had her passport visaed for Spain.她已在护照上盖了去西班牙的签证。
I cant get the car started.我无法把车开动。
Did you get the picture finished?你把画画完了吗？
Go and get your hair cut.去把头发剪一下。
I must get the curtains washed.我得请人把窗帘洗一洗。
Im trying to get it published.我正设法请人把它出版。
He got his wrist broken.他的手腕骨折了。
We must got something done.我必须做出点事来。
Weve to get a photograph taken.我们得去照张相。
I saw his eyes fixed on me in curiosity.我看见他的眼睛好奇地盯着我。
Rarely had I seen him so workedup.我从未看见他这样激动过。
We want the work finished by Saturday.我们要求这工作礼拜六以前完成。
I dont want anything said about this.我不希望谈及此事。
She heard the front door shut.她听见大门给关上了。
Have you ever heard a pop song sung in Japanese?你听见过有人用日语唱流行歌吗？
They found themselves stranded at the airport.他们发现自己被困在机场了。
We found the house deserted.我们发现屋子里空无一人。
They found the windows smashed.他们发现窗子被砸碎了。
I felt a great weight taken off my mind.我感到如释重负。
I felt myself called upon to do something to help.我感到有责任给予帮助。
Greatly interested I asked how to play the instrument.我很感兴趣，问这乐器怎样弹奏。
Encouraged by these successes they decided to expand the business.受到这些成就的鼓舞，他们决定扩大经营。
Built in 1192 the bridge is over 700 years old.这座桥建于1192年，已有七百多年的历史。
Depressed he went to see his brother.他情绪低沉地去找他的哥哥。
Frustrated he went back to his home village.他大失所望回到家乡去。
一些作定语的过去分词也有被动意义，这一点可详见第七章有关各节。
I asked to be relieved of my job.我请求免除我的职务。
She doesnt want to be separated from him.她不愿和他分开。
He begged to be allowed to return to Brazil.他恳求允许他返回巴西。
I dont wish to be disturbed in my work.在工作时我不愿意被人打扰。
I should like to have been told the result earlier.我愿意把结果更早告诉我。
I want this letter to be opened now!我要这封信现在就拆开！
I dont wish the subject to be raised again.我不希望再提起这个话题。
I didnt expect the book to be so well received.我没料到这书得到这样好评。
He wouldnt like it to be talked about.他不愿意人们谈论这件事。
I hate them to be troubled about trifles.我不愿意他们为小事烦恼。
There are a lot of things to be done.有很多事要做。
There are all kinds of difficulties to be overcome.有许多困难需要克服。
Are you going to the banquet to be held at the embassy?你准备去参加大使馆举行的宴会吗？
She was the first woman to have been elected to such a post.她是第一个被选到这个职位的妇女。
The kids went to the hospital to be inoculated.孩子们到医院去接种疫苗。
He was too young to be entrusted with such a task.他年纪太轻不宜委以这样的任务。
He shut himself in the room so as not to be disturbed.他把自己关在屋里以免受到打扰。
She got there only to be told that they had gone on holiday.她到达那里，被告知他们度假去了。
Its an honour for me to be asked to speak here.我很荣幸被邀在这里讲话。
Is it possible for their hopes to be realized?他们的愿望能实现吗？
Its necessary for us to be constantly reminded of our shortcomings.有必要让人经常提提我们的缺点。
Its a pity to be kept in the house in fine weather.好天气时被留在家里是很遗憾的。
My wish is to be given permission to try this new method.我的愿望是获得批准来试验这个新方法。
This house is to be let.这所房子供出租。
Her dream was to be sent to study abroad.她的梦想是被派往国外留学。
还可用来构成谓语，详见第85节。
She doesnt like being kept waiting.她不喜欢人家让她久等。
He hates being interrupted.他不愿意人打断她的话。
She cant bear being laughed at.她受不了别人的嘲笑。
I remember being given a bicycle on my tenth birthday.我记得十岁生日时有人送我一辆自行车。
She is far from being pleased; shes very angry.她远不是高兴，而是很生气。
Instead of being criticized he ought to be praised.他不应受到批评而应受到赞扬。
He once did it without being caught.他有次这样做而未被人抓住。
He was afraid of being attacked.他担心受人攻击。
So being killed by sharks was a common occurrence.因此被鲨鱼咬死是常有的事。
Being awarded a Nobel Prize was a great honour.被授予诺贝尔奖是极大的荣誉。
He often came to watch the boats being loaded and unloaded.他常常到这里来看轮船装货卸货。
One could hear every subject under the sun being hotly discussed.在那里可以听到天南地北各种话题受到热烈的讨论。
I saw her being taken to the operating room.我看见她被送到手术室。
She found herself being warmly welcomed everywhere.她发现自己到处受到热烈的欢迎。
The building being renovated is an ancient temple.正在翻修的那个建筑是一座古庙。
I wasnt interested in the question being discussed.我对讨论的问题不感兴趣。
Who is the woman being operated on?正在动手术的女人是谁？
This was one of the experiments being carried out in the country.这是国内正在进行的试验之一。
Being given a chance she immediately jumped at it.给了这个机会，她立刻抓住。
Being stranded there he didnt know what to do.他困在那里，不知如何是好。
Being supported by the people they persisted in the struggle.在群众支持下，他们坚持斗争。
Being well taken care of she recovered quickly.她受到很好的照顾，身体恢复得很快。
The origin of the universe will probably never be explained.宇宙的起源或许永远无法解释。
The meeting is scheduled for May 3rd.会议定于五月三日举行。
This matter will be dealt with as soon as possible.这事将尽快处理。
The money was hidden under the bed.钱藏在床下。
An elderly man was run over crossing the road.一位老人过马路时被汽车撞了。
Fresh vegetables are sold in this market.这个市场售卖新鲜蔬菜。
The boy was drowned in the lake.男孩在湖里淹死了。
The original painting has been destroyed.原画被毁掉了。
They agreed that privileges must be done away with.他们同意特权必须废除。
They were looked down on by everyone.人人都看不起他们。
The date has been looked forward to for a month now.这一天已盼望了一个月了。
Great athletes are usually looked up to.杰出的运动员通常都受人景仰。
A Tale of Two Cities was written by Dickens.双城记是狄更斯写的。
The injured man was helped by a passerby.那个受伤的人受到一位路人的帮助。
I was waken up by a loud noise.我被一声巨响惊醒。
Most of the Earths surface is covered by water.地球的大部分地区被水覆盖。
The sun is orbited by nine planets.有九颗行星绕太阳运行。
The window was shattered by an explosion.窗户被一次爆炸震碎。
The music was followed by a short interval.音乐之后有一小段休息。
Jack fought Michael last night and Jack was beaten.杰克和迈克尔对打，杰克被打败。
Two trees were blown down in the storm.在暴风雨中两棵树被风刮倒。
Youll be asked many questions at the press conference.在记者招待会上他记者们会问你很多问题。
Much has been learned about our universe since the time of Copernicus and Galileo; but most of the discoveries have been made during this century. During the last several decades powerful telescopes satellites and spaceships have been developed. Through these advances in technology many of the mysteries of the universe have been solved.
Until sixty years ago it was believed that our galaxy the Milky Way was unique. It was believed that our galaxy was the universe. In recent years through improved technology these ideas and many others have been disproved. It has been estimated that trillions of galaxies like our own fill the universe. The universe itself is calculated to be between fifteen and eighteen billion years old.
从哥白尼和伽利略的时代以来，我们对宇宙有了很多了解，但大部分情况都是在本世纪发现的。在过去几十年中，研制了高倍望远镜、卫星和太空船。通过这些科技上的进步，宇宙的许多谜都被解开了。
直到六十年前，人们还相信我们的星系银河系是仅有的一座星系。那时人们相信我们的星系就是宇宙。在最近这些年，由于科技的进步，这些想法和许多其他想法被证明是错误的。据估计我们的宇宙中有数亿兆万亿计的像我们星系这样的星系。宇宙本身估计已存在一百五十到一百八十亿年。
Its hoped that youll join us in the activity.希望你能参加我们的活动。
You are cordially invited to this ceremony.热忱邀请阁下参加此次典礼。
Visitors are requested not to touch the exhibits.参观人士请勿触摸展品。
You are asked to be punctual.希望大家准时到会。
Its agreed that we all stand behind him.大家同意都支持他。
Youre expected not to tell anyone about it.希望你不要告诉任何人。
Im not supposed to disclose the details of the plan.我不宜透露这项计划的细节。
Its alleged that the goods were brought into the country illegally.据称这些商品是非法运进国内的。
Its said that there is a secret tunnel between the two houses.据说这两栋房子有秘密地道相通。
Its reported that two people were injured in the accident.据报道这次事故中有两人受伤。
It has been proved that he is guilty of the crime.已经证实他确实犯了这个罪。
He is believed to have already got out of the country.据信他已离开这个国家。
The strike is expected to end soon.估计罢工不久就可结束。
Its supposed to be very good.据说它质量很好。
He is said to be a foreign spy.据说他是外国间谍。
Smoking is strictly prohibited in this area.本地区严禁吸烟。
No books are to be taken out of the room.书籍不得携出室外。
Passengers are requested to remain seated until the aircraft comes to a complete stop.请各位旅客留在座位上直到飞机完全停好。
Candidates are required to present themselves fifteen minutes before the examination begins. They are asked to be punctual.考生需在考前十五分钟到场。务请准时。
The search for the bank robbers continues. Meanwhile many people have been questioned and the owner of the stolen getaway car has been traced.一直继续搜寻抢劫银行的匪徒。与此同时许多人受到盘问，并一直在追查劫匪逃逸所用的偷来的汽车主人是谁。
Kennedy assassinated!肯尼迪遭到暗杀！
Trade Agreements Broken!贸易协定被破坏！
Fiveyearold Boy Kidnapped!五岁男童遭绑架！
The mixture is placed in a crucible and is heated to a temperature of 500. It is then allowed to cool before it can be analysed.将混合液置于坩锅中，加热至500摄氏度，然后令其冷却，直到最后能进行分析。
Today spaceships are being launched regularly. The space shuttle is being perfected. Satellites are being sent into orbit to beam radio television and telephone signals worldwide. Space stations are being designed. And lasers powerful rays of directed light are being used in all areas of high technology.今天，太空船经常发射。航天飞机也不断完善。卫星被送入轨道来向全世界发送无线电、电视及电话信号。太空站正在设计。激光及强力定向光束正在各个高科技领域中使用。
关于被动结构和be作表语的过去分词结构的差别，在第148节中再作讨论。
Where are you from?
Are you from the south?
前面几章中谈到的时态、语态等形式都属这两者的范畴。
Someone fetch a pail of water.谁去打一桶水来。
You girls stand in the front row.你们女孩子站在前排。
You play Romeo and you play Juliet.你演罗蜜欧，你演朱丽叶。
Fasten your seat belt Tom.汤姆，把座带系好。
Come this way madam.这边走，夫人。
Be quiet children!孩子们安静点！
John you listen to me!约翰，你听我说！
Dont lose the key.别把钥匙丢了。
Dont ever do that again.别再这样做了。
Dont be silly!别发傻！
Do not use this spray near a naked flame.别在火焰附近使用这种喷射剂。
Lets go to the cinema tonight.今晚咱们去看电影。
Lets get down to work.咱们干起来吧。
Lets phone her now shall we?Yes lets.我们现在就给她打电话，好吗？好的。
Let us not alarm people.咱们不要让人们惊慌。
Lets phone her now shall we?No lets not.咱们现就给她打电话好吗？现在别打。
It is important that he work hard.他用功是很重要的。
They proposed that Dr. Wood be elected.他们建议选伍德博士。
Our decision is that the school remain closed.我们的决定是学校暂不开放。
If he were leaving you would have heard about it.如果他准备走，你会已经听说了。
If she were here she would speak on my behalf.如果她在这里，她会替我说话。
I wish she were not married.我真希望她没结婚。
I wish the bus went to the university.我希望公共汽车能通到大学。
He acts as if he knew me.他显得认识我似的。
If he found a patient listener he would pour out his trouble.如果他找到一个耐心听他讲话的人，他会把他的烦恼都倾吐出来。
If only I had listened to my parents!我要是听了我父母的话就好了。
If I had seen her I would have told her.我要是见到她，我就告诉她了。
I wish I hadnt wasted so much money.但愿我没浪费这么多钱。
I wish I could speak your language.但愿我能讲你们国家的话。
If only she would go with me!她要是愿意和我一道去就好了！
It doesnt matter if you cant find her.如果你找不到她，也没有关系。
If you can do it so can I.如果你干得了，我也干得了。
Dont come unless I telephone.除非我打电话，否则你别来。
Suppose you disagree with anything he suggests you can come to me.假定你不同意他提出的任何意见，你可以来找我。
I must leave if thats the case.如果情况如此，我就得走了。
You will forgive me if I have given you pain.如果我给了你痛苦，请原谅我。
If she said so shes a liar.如果她说了这样的话，她就是一个撒谎的人。
If Colin is in London he is undoubtedly staying at the Hilton.如果柯林在伦敦，他肯定会住在希尔顿饭店。
If you ever touch me again Ill scream.你要是再碰我，我就要叫了。
I wont phone you unless something unforeseen happens.除非发生没预想到的情况，否则我不给你打电话。
In the event that he is interested Ill speak to him.假使他有兴趣，我可以和他谈谈。
Shes taking a stick with her in case she has any trouble on the way.她带着一根棍子，以防在路上遇到麻烦。
这类句子中的谓语形式称为虚拟语气。
If I was were rich I would buy you anything you wanted.我要是有钱，我会给你买任何你想要的东西。
I wouldnt think a minute if I was you.要是我是你，我一刻也不会这样想。
If John was here he would know.如果约翰在这里，他是会知道的。
I would lower taxes if I were president.我要是总统，我就减税。
If I were you Id take that job.我要是你，我就接受这份工作。
If I were you I wouldnt buy that car.我要是你，我就不买那辆车。
If I were in your position I would accept their offer.如果我处于你的地位，我会接受他们的条件。
If he knew the facts he could tell us what to do.如果他了解事实，他可以告诉我们该怎么办。
If he were here he could might help us.如果他在这里，他可以可能帮助我们。
If Jane tried harder she could do better.如果简作更大努力，她可以干得更好。
If you could type you might could save a lot of time.如果你能打字，你可能能省很多时间。
If we had more police there could might be less crime.如果警察多一点，犯罪率还可能低一点。
If you took more exercise you might feel healthier.如果你多锻炼，你可能会感到身体更好。
If he failed he ought to should try again.万一他失败了，他应当再试一次。
If you were to speak to him it would carry more weight.你要是和他谈，可能更有分量。
If I were was to ask would you help me?假如我要求，你会帮助我吗？
It she were to lose her place they would be ruined.如果她失掉职位，他们就完了。
Youd be the first to be sorry if anything was to happen to him.如果他发生什么事，你会第一个感到难受。
If they were to hear you talking they would think you were a socialist.如果他们听到你讲话，他们会认为你是一个社会主义者。
If Ann would admit this I shouldnt quarrel with her.如果安愿意承认这一点，我就不会和她吵了。
I should be glad if you would give me an account of it.如果你能给我讲讲发生的情况我会很高兴的。
If it should be necessary I could come at six.如果确有需要，我可以六点钟来。
If we should fail in this we are would be ruined.如果这件事失败，我们就毁了。
If a serious crisis should arise the public would have to be informed of its full implications.万一发生严重的危急情况，应让公众了解它的全部涵义。
If she should be interested Ill phone her.如果她竟然有兴趣，我可以给她打电话。
Let me know if you should hear some more news.万一你听到更多消息你要通知我。
Were she in charge If she were in charge she would do things differently.如果是她负责，她会是另一种做法。
Were she here she would support the motion.如果她在这里，她会支持这项动议。
Were the government to cut ValueAdded Tax prices would fall.如果政府减轻增值税，物价会下降。
Should I be free tomorrow I will come.万一明天我有空我会来。
Should you change your mind no one would blame you.万一你改变主意，谁也不会怨你。
Should she be interested Ill phone her.万一她有兴趣，我将给她打电话。
If it werent for your help I would still be homeless.若不是你帮忙，我现在还是无家可归。
You wouldnt be anywhere if it werent for Ruth.若不是露丝，你不会有任何成就。
Were it not for your help I wouldnt be doing so well.若不是你帮忙，我现在不会干得这样好。
Were it not for their support wed be in a very difficult position.若不是有他们的支持，我们的处境会很困难。
If any person be found guilty he shall have the right of appeal.如果有人被发现有罪，此人就应有申诉权。
If that be the official view it cannot be accepted.如果这是官方的看法，这是不能接受的。
Suppose we told her the truth.假定我们把事情真相告诉她。
Imagine your child played truant.设想你的孩子逃学。
Suppose he were lost.假定他是迷路了。
Without me to supplement your income you wouldnt be able to manage.如果没有我贴补你，你会无法维持。
Just suppose everyone were was to give up smoking and drinking.设想人人都戒烟戒酒。
If I had been Jane I wouldnt have answered that question.要是我是简，我不会回答那个问题。
If I had been you Id have taken the job.我要是你，我就接受那份工作了。
If I had been in her position Id have quit.我要是处于她的地位，我就辞职了。
If he had known the facts he could have told us what to do.如果他了解事实，他是可能告诉我们怎样做的。
I could have earned something if I had meant to.如果我有心赚钱我是可以赚到一些钱的。
If the weather hadnt been so bad we might have gone out.如果天气不是那么坏，我们可能都出去了。
If I had gotten up earlier this morning I might not have been late.如果今天早上我起来早一点，我可能不会迟到。
If I had been less cautious I might have been more wise.如果我不那么谨慎，我或许还更明智一点。
If he had received the present he should have thanked her.如果他收到了礼物，他是应当向她道谢的。
If he had apologized you should have done so too.如果他道歉了，你也应当道歉。
I should never have done it if I hadnt been so hard up.要不是我那么困难，我都不会这么做了。
I should not have laughed if I had thought you were serous.如果我想到你是认真的，我就不会笑了。
If it hadnt been for Margaret I might not have understood.要不是有玛格丽特，我可能还不明白。
If it hadnt been for the rain we would have had a good harvest.要不是有那么多雨，我们是可获得好收成的。
If it hadnt been for Professor Russel standing up for him he would have had to leave.要不是罗素教授替他说话，他都得离开学校了。
If it hadnt been for the doctors care I wouldnt have recovered so soon.要不是医生的照顾，我不会痊愈得这么快。
Had I known your address I would have written before.我要是知道你的地址我早就给你写信了。
Had I not seen it with my own eyes I would not have believed it.要不是我亲眼所见，我都不会相信了。
Had Mark been in charge it wouldnt have happened.要是当时是马克负责，这事就不会发生了。
Had I been less forthright I would have acquired more support.要是我不那么直率，我还可能得到更大的支持。
Had it not been for this intervention the civil war might have ended that summer.要不是由于这次干预，内战那年夏天可能就已经结束了。
I should would have talked to mother if I had thought of it.如果我想到了，我就和妈妈讲了。
I should would never have done it if I hadnt been so hard up.要不是我境况这样困难，我绝不会这样做。
If I had been at home last night I should would have heard the noise.昨晚要是我在家，我就会听到那个声音了。
I might have married her if she would have agreed.如果她能同意，我可能已经和她结婚了。
If I had not got married I would still have been living abroad.如果我没结婚，我会仍然一直住在国外。
If she were trying harder her parents wouldnt be so anxious.如果她现在更用功些，她的父母也不会这么忧虑了。
If it had been raining this morning we would have stayed home.如果今天早上一直下雨，我们就会待在家里了。
If youd listened to me you wouldnt be in such trouble now.如果你听了我的话，你现在也不会有这样的麻烦了。
If it hadnt been for her care I should not be speaking to you now.如果不是她精心照料我，我现在也不会在这里和你谈话了。
If the doctor had come in time Amy would still be alive.如果医生及时赶到，艾米现在还会活着。
If he had received six more votes he would be our chairman now.如果他多得六票，现在就是我们的主席了。
If you were in better health wed have let you go with us.你要是身体好一点，我们就让你和我们一道去了。
这种句子称作错综时间条件句conditional sentences of mixed time。
In different circumstances I might have agreed.在不同情况下我是可能同意的。
I might see her personally. It would be better.我可以亲自去看她，这样好一些。
I would have written before but I have been ill.我本想给你写信的，但我生病了。
But for my money that woman would have prosecuted him.要不是我花了钱，那女人就起诉他了。
Anybody else would have believed you.任何别人都会相信你了。
To have told my secret would have given me away.要是讲出了我的秘密就是把我自己出卖了。
Legalizing this drug would have disastrous consequences.使这种毒品合法化会有灾难性的后果。
这种含蓄条件句在日常口语中是很常见的，也很有用。
日常口语中某些情态动词的使用，另可参见第6章。
Would you mind taking part?No Id love to.你愿参加吗？愿意，我愿意参加。
Would you like some tea?Thanks but Id prefer coffee if there is any.你要不要点茶？谢谢了，不过我愿喝点咖啡，如果有的话。
Would you kindly send me your sisters address?你可否把你妹妹的地址告诉我？
I would ask you to collaborate with me.我想请你和我合作。
I should be glad to talk to him.我会高兴和他谈谈。
I should have preferred him to do it in a different way.我会希望他以另一种方式行事。
I should like to ask you a question.我想问你一个问题。
Could you lend me some money?你能借我点钱吗？
Could I borrow your thermos?我能借借你的暖瓶吗？
I could come earlier if necessary.如果必要我可以早点来。
I cant eat; might I have a little brandy?我不能吃了，可否给我一点白兰地？
You might as well stay with us.你不妨和我们一道住。
It might be worth thinking about.这可能值得考虑。
I should like to ask a question if you allowed me.
I could come a little earlier if it were was necessary.
You might stay with us if you liked.
Papa wouldnt allow it if you asked him.
把这一小节中的句子和上节的含蓄条件句加以比较，就可看出它们有很多相近之处。
I wish we had more money.但愿我们有更多的钱。
I wish I had a little lab of my own.但愿我有一间属于我自己的实验室。
I wish I knew the answer to your question.但愿我知道你问题的答案。
I wish I didnt have to work for a living.但愿我不必为生活而工作。
I wish I could swim.我希望我能游泳。
I wish that she were here.但愿她在这里。
I wish I were back home; I dont like this place.但愿我能回到家里，我不喜欢这地方。
I wish I were a bird.但愿我是一只鸟。
I wish the journey were was over.但愿这次旅行已结束。
I wish Ruth was there to share in the joy.但愿露丝也在那里共享欢乐。
I wish the sun was shining at this moment.但愿此刻有太阳。
I wish Tessa was were here now.但愿苔莎现在也在这里。
I wish that I had never met him.但愿我从未见过他。
I wish I had been here yesterday.我真愿意我昨天在这里。
I wish you had let me know earlier.你早些让我知道就好了。
I wish she hadnt spent the money.但愿她没把这钱花掉。
I wish we had been travelling.但愿我们一直在旅游。
这两类宾语都表示与事实相反的情况，因此谓语用虚拟语气。
I wish you wouldnt smoke any more.希望你别再抽烟。
I wish you would be more respectful to your father.我希望你更尊敬你的父亲。
I wish you would stay with me for a while.我希望你能和我在一起待一段时间。
I wish you wouldnt be so noisy.我希望你们别这么吵。
I wish he could would come tomorrow.我希望他明天能来。
I wish I could be of some use.我希望我能有些用处。
I wish I could do something for you in return.我希望我能做点什么回报你。
She sincerely wished that she might do something to comfort him.她诚恳地希望能做点什么来安慰他。
I would rather they left on an early train.我更愿意他们坐早一点的火车走。
I would rather you didnt mention the price.我愿意你别提价钱。
I would rather you told me the truth.我愿意你跟我讲真话。
I would much rather it was forgotten.我更愿这事被遗忘掉。
Would you rather I did it?难道你愿意我来做这事？
Id rather she sat didnt sit next to me.我愿意她坐不坐在我旁边。
Id sooner rather you didnt ask me to speak.我宁愿你别请我讲话。
Ive told her about itId rather you hadnt.我已告诉她这事了。我倒愿意你没告诉她。
I had rather you did it.我宁愿你来做这事。
She preferred that he should do it in the kitchen.她更愿意他在厨房里干。
I prefer that she drive.我宁愿她开车。
If only I had listened to your advice!我要是听了你的劝告就好了！
If only I were was not so nervous now.要是我现在不那么紧张就好了。
Suppose I were to lend him five pounds.假定我借给他五镑钱。
Suppose your father saw you what would he say?设想你父亲看到你了他会怎么说？
He urges that the restrictions be lifted.他敦促取消这些限制。
They demanded that the right to vote be given to every adult man.他们要求给予每个成年男子以选举权。
I demand that John should go there at once.我要求约翰立即到那里去。
Rose insisted that he be present.罗斯坚持要他出席。
I insisted that he should stay.我坚持要他留下。
I ask that he leave.我要求他走开。
He asked that the message be given to Madame immediately.他要求把信息立即带给夫人。
The doctor advised that he change his job.医生劝他换工作。
They recommend that this tax be abolished.他们建议取消这种税。
The committee proposed that Mr Day be elected.委员会建议推选戴先生。
Congress has voted that the present law be maintained.国会投票决定维持现在这条法律。
She suggested that I should be responsible for the arrangements.她建议我来负责进行安排。
We requested that the meeting be adjourned.我们请求休会。
They intended that the news should be suppressed.他们打算封锁这条消息。
She petitioned the king that her father should be pardoned.她恳求国王宽恕她的父亲。
I regret that she should worry about it我很遗憾她竟会为此发愁。
I cant think why he should have been so angry.我想不通他怎么会如此生气。
Its vital that we be present.我们出席是至关重要的。
It was intended that you be the candidate.大家的意图是让你当候选人。
It is important that this mission not fail.这项使命不失败至关重要。
It is essential that a meeting be convened this week.本周开一次会非常重要。
It is appropriate that this tax be abolished.废除这个税是恰当的。
It worries me that their children should travel alone.他们的孩子竟独自出去旅行，这使我忧虑。
Its a pity that he should be so obstinate.真遗憾他竟这样倔犟。
Its unfair that so many people should lose their jobs.竟有这么多人失业这是不公平的。
Its amazing that she should have said nothing about it.她竟未谈及此事令人惊讶。
Its unthinkable that they should deny my request.他们竟然拒绝我的请求，这是不可思议的。
That they should refuse to sign the petition required great courage.他们拒绝在请愿书上签字这是需要很大勇气的。
His sole requirement was is that the system work.他唯一的要求是这个制度能起作用。
Our decision is that the school remain closed.我们的决定是学校暂不开学。
Sophias idea was that they should lock up the house.索菲娅的想法是把大门锁起来。
Her suggestion was that they carry on their conversation in French.她的建议是他们用法语进行对话。
They were faced with the demand that this tax be abolished.他们面对废除这个税的要求。
They expressed the wish that she accept the award.他们表示希望她接受这笔奖金。
The resolution that women be allowed to join the society was carried.允许妇女参加这个协会的决议通过了。
I can understand their eagerness that you should be the main speaker.我理解他们希望你做主要发言人的殷切心情。
Im surprised that he should feel lonely.我很惊讶他竟感到孤独。
Im anxious that I shouldnt be in the way.我期盼我不会碍事。
He was amazed that they should express indignation at it.他感到惊讶他们竟对此表示愤怒。
They were insistant that we be ready.他们坚持我们要准备好。
Im afraid the journey would be expensive.我担心这趟旅行会很费钱。
不过，这种从句的谓语用陈述语气的时候更多一些。
He acts as if he knew you.他仿佛认识你似的。
The stuffed dog barked as if it were was a real one.玩具狗叫起来像真狗。
She treats me as though I were was a stranger.她待我仿佛我是一个陌生人。
She closed her eyes as though she too were tired.她闭上眼睛仿佛她也累了似的。
I remember it vividly as though it were tonight.我记得很清楚，仿佛是今晚发生的事。
We feel felt as though we had witnessed the whole thing.我们感到这一切都是我们亲眼所见似的。
And fancy you sitting there as though if nothing had happened.瞧你坐在那里，仿佛什么事也没发生似的。
She looked a bit queer as if she knew something.她看起来有点怪，似乎她知道什么情况似的。
He paused as though he found a difficulty.他停了下来，仿佛遇到什么困难似的。
It looks as if it is going to rain.看起来要下雨的样子。
It seems as if we shall have to walk.似乎我们得步行了。
This meat tastes as if it has already gone bad.这肉吃起来似乎已经坏了。
The milk smells as if it is sour.这奶闻起来像是酸了。
Now it was as though she had known Millie for years.现在好像她认识米莉已有好多年了似的。
It isnt as if you were going away for good.又不是你离开不回来了。
You look as if you didnt care.你显得不在乎的样子。
Come what may we will go ahead with our plan.不管发生什么情况，我们将推行这个计划。
Though he be the President himself he shall hear us.即使他是总统本人，他也得听我们讲话。
Whether she be right or wrong she will have my unswerving support.不管她是对还是错，她都会得到我坚定的支持。
Be that as it may we have nothing to lose.即使如此我们也没有什么可失去的。
Eloquent though she was she could not persuade him.尽管她能说会道，她却无法说得他回心转意。
Whatever be the reasons for their action we cannot tolerate such disloyalty.不管他们这样做的原因何在，我们对这种不忠的行为也不能容忍。
Poor though you might be you cannot live all your life on chairty.尽管你穷，你也不能一辈子靠救济过活。
Try as I would I could not prevail upon him to follow my advice.尽管我想方设法，我仍不能说服他照我的意见行事。
They removed the prisoner in order that he would not disturb the proceedings any further.他们把犯人带走以免他继续干扰审讯的进行。
Theyve arranged that I should absent myself for part of the meeting.他们安排好让我一部分时间不在开会现场。
They left early for fear that they would meet him.他们动身很早以免和他碰面。
The President must reject the proposal lest it cause strife and violence.总统必须拒绝这个建议以免引起斗争和暴力活动。
aI hired a boat so that I could go fishing.我租了一条小船以便去钓鱼。
Speak clearly so that they may understand you.讲清楚点以便他们能理解你。
bHe looked down so that he should not see your eyes.他往下看以免他看到你的眼睛。
He wore a mask so that no one should recognize him.他带了口罩使别人无法认出他。
cI wanted her to take this job so shat she would be occupied.我要她干这工作，以便她有事可做。
You must explain the situation plainly so that they will understand.你必须清楚说明情况以便他们能够理解。
God bless you!愿上帝保佑你！
God save the Queen! they shouted.愿上帝护佑女王！他们叫道。
Heaven forbid that I should let my own parents suffer.让我父母受罪天理难容。
God be praised.愿上帝得到赞美。
God Damn it!他妈的！
Long live the Republic!共和国万岁！
Heaven help us!上天保佑我们。
So be it.就这样吧。
Please God there hasnt been an accident.感谢上天没有出事。
So help me God.因此上天保佑我。
Suffice it to say that we won.我们胜利了，说这一句就够了。
Far be it from me to spoil the fun.我才不想扫大家的兴哩。
So be it then!那就这样吧！
May you always be happy!祝你永远快乐！
May you have a long and happy life!祝你快乐长寿！
May all your dreams come true!祝你的一切梦想成真！
I think its time you went to bed.我想你该睡觉了。
Its time we ordered dinner.现在该叫菜了。
I think its time they were taught a lesson.我想现在该给他们一点教训了。
Its high time they began to take you seriously.现在他们应该开始认真对待你了。
I think its high time that she made up her mind.我想她该拿定主意了。
Its high time you bought a new car.你该买新车了。
That he should dare to speak in that tone of voice to me!他竟敢用这样的口吻和我说话！
Oh that you would be quiet.请你们安静点。
Oh that I could fly.但愿我能飞翔。
Would that the end might never come!但愿这永远持续下去！
Would that we had seen her before she died.但愿在她死前我们能见到她。
Would that I were with her now!但愿我现在和她在一起！
To think he would come to anything like that.设想他竟有这样的下场。
To think that she should have died such a tragic death.设想她会死得这样惨。
He is a grownup baby as it were.他可说是一个大孩子了。
He became as it were a kind of hero from a strange land.他仿佛成了一个来自异乡的英雄。
He was as it were intoxicated by the soft air and sunshine of spring.他可说是被春天的和风和阳光陶醉了。
Anyone would think you were in love with the girl.谁都会认为你是爱上了这个姑娘。
Anyone would think he owns the place the way he talks!听他这样讲话谁都会认为他是这里的老板！
He would never think of letting his daughter marry a fellow like you.他绝不会想到让她的女儿嫁给你这样一个家伙。
Who would have thought to see you here!谁会想到在这里碰到你！
Who would have thought of such a thing!谁会想到这样的事！
Who would have thought shed end up dancing for a living!谁会想到她最后落得靠跳舞谋生！
You would have thought the school would do more to help a child like Craig.你原本会以为学校会多帮助一点克雷格这样的孩子的。
Who should come in but his first wife!进来的原来是他的第一任妻子！
When I got off the boat whom should I see but Ruggles.我下船时我见到一个人，原来是鲁格尔斯。
What should I find but an enormous spider!我看到的原来是一只特大的蜘蛛!
I would rather sooner be a miner than a bank clerk.我宁愿当矿工，而不愿当银行职员。
Hed rather not go by car.他宁愿不坐汽车去。
我宁愿当骑士而不愿当和尚。
If shed had a chance shed rather have lived 100 years ago.如果有机会她宁愿生活在一百年前。
Id much sooner be happy than rich.我珍惜快乐胜过钱财。
If need be help him to do it.如果有必要，帮他去做。
I will come if need be.如有必要我会来。
Ill work at night if need be.如果有必要我可以晚上工作。
shall，will，should，would虽然也是助动词，有时作用却接近情态动词，可以说是介于助动词与情态动词之间的词。从下面的讨论中可以看出，它们的作用和can，may，must有很多相近之处。为了方便仍将它们放在本段中讨论。
I am waiting for a reply.我在等候回答。
She is trying to reach you.她正设法和你联系。
Both of us are going to the show我们两人都准备去看演出。
Her heart was beating violently.她的心在猛烈地跳动。
Ill be here. Ill be helping them.我将在这里，我将帮助他们。
They were hunting for jobs.他们在找工作。
What have you been doing since?那以后你一直在干什么？
I thought you would be arguing about it.我还以为你们会为此争论的。
Smoking is not permitted here.这里禁止吸烟。
You are requested to be present at the ceremony.请参加这次仪式。
Im supposed to arrive at 2.我应在两点到达。
He was fined 200.他被罚款200美元。
They were shown round the city.他们被带着在城里观光。
The goods will be shipped to you by train.货物将由火车运到你处。
The case is was being investigated.案件正在调查之中。
He said these people should be punished.他说这种人应受到惩罚。
He asked to be forgiven.他请求原谅他。
I walked fast to avoid being overtaken.我走得很快，以免被人赶上。
We are pretty good swimmers.我们是游泳技术相当好的人。
He was a socialist.他是一位社会主义者。
Id like to be an aviator.我想当飞行员。
Be a good girl!做一个乖孩子!
Be seated.请坐下。
He had has been in Germany for six years.他在德国待了六年。
Across the street was is a supermarket.街对面有一家超级市场。
Is Tim in?蒂姆在家吗？
Dont be silly child.别发傻了，孩子。
My dear child youre being childish.我的乖孩子，你这是孩子气。
Youre being clever today.你今天聪明起来了。
Im not being quite honest. I really came to see you.我这样说不很老实，我实际上是来看你的。
Am I being extravagant?我这样是不是太浪费？
He was being terribly friendly to Aunt Ruth.这天他对露丝姨特别友好。
How long ago was it did it happen?这是什么时候的事了？
The party will be take place in a week.晚会一周后举行。
When is the wedding to be?婚礼什么时候举行？
They think that such a thing cannot be.他们认为这样的事不可能发生。
To be or not to be that is the question.活下去还是不活下去，问题就在这里。
Im sorry the meetings already been.对不起，会已经开过了。
I am to see him today at six oclock.我今天六点钟和他见面。
The book I edited is to appear soon.我编的那本书不久即将出版。
She was to meet Kurt at an agreed place on the street.她将在街上一个约定的地方和库尔特见面。
The clergy were to receive salaries from the state.教士们将从国家领取薪俸。
What am I to do what should I do then?那么我该怎么办？
In future you are not to go out alone.以后你不要一个人出去。
Such men are to be pitied rather than despised.这种人不应被看不起而应当同情。
He was to do whatever Mr. Buggins told him to do.他得做伯金斯先生让他做的任何事情。
How am I to pay such a debt?我怎么还得起这么一笔债？
Not a cloud was to be seen.天空上看不到一片云彩。
Similar conditions are to be found in other Latin American countries.类似情况在其他拉丁美洲国家也可看到。
We are not to be bullied.我们是不能被欺侮的。
The worst is still to come.最坏的情况还在后头。
They said goodbye little knowing that they were never to meet again.他们道别了，完全不知道他们再也不会见面。
He didnt know that he was to become famous later on.他不知道他将来会出名。
This I was only to learn later.这一点我只是以后才知道。
If we are to be there in time well have to hurry up.如果我们想及时赶到，我们得加紧赶路。
If I were to do that what would you say?如果我来做这事，你觉得怎么样？
I was to have seen him last Wednesday but he did not come.我本来要在上星期三和他见面的，但他没有来。
We were to have been married last year.我们本来打算去年结婚的。
It has been very cold lately.最近天很冷。
Have you ever been a teacher?你当过教师吗？
How long have you been an actor?你当演员有多久了？
What a good girl you are! Youve been an angel!你真好！你一直像一位天使!
Hes been retired for more than five years.他退休已经五年多了。
How long has the child been missing?孩子丢失有多久了？
By then I will have been with you for two years.到那时我们在一起就两年了。
By tomorrow I will have been a teacher for ten years.到明天我当教师就满十年了。
The boxer has been training very hard.这个拳击运动员一直在抓紧练习。
They have been travelling for a whole year.他们整年一直在旅游。
He has been nominated for president.他被提名为总统候选人。
Ive been assigned to cover international news.我被派采访国际新闻。
Have you ever been to Japan?你到过日本吗？
How many countries have you been to?你到过多少国家？
Shes just been to a party.她刚参加一个晚会回来。
Where have you been?你到哪儿去了？
Hes only been there two or three times.他只到过那里两三次。
Who has been here?刚才谁在这里？
Ive been to see your grandmother.我刚才看你奶奶去了。
Ive been three times to see her.我去看过她三次了。
Have you ever been on holiday in winter?你曾冬季出去度过假吗？
Ive never been for a swim at night.我从未在夜间游过泳。
She told me shed been to see my grandmother.她说她看我奶奶去了。
He had only been there a couple of times.那里我只去过一两次。
I had never been in serious trouble before.我从未有过大麻烦。
It was the first time he had been out with her alone.这是他和她第一次单独一起外出。
You havent been abroad before have you?你没出过国，对吧？
Has she received your New Year card?她收到你的贺年卡了吗？
I had not seen him at least ten days.我至少有十天没见到他了。
What have you been doing since then?从那时起你一直在干什么？
I had not been reading for half an hour when I heard steps outside.我看书还不到半小时就听见外面有脚步声。
Shell have arrived in Shanghai by 3 oclock.三点前她就可以抵达上海。
I was afraid she would have left for home when I got there.我担心我到达那里时她已回家了。
By this summer shell have been working in this company for twenty years.至1j今年夏天，她在这家公司就将工作满二十年了。
You ought to have noticed it.你应当已经注意到这件事。
Im sorry to have given you so much trouble.对不起给了你这么多麻烦。
I remember having heard you speak on that subject.我记得曾听见你谈过这个问题。
Pile was apologizing to Helen for having kept her waiting.派尔正为让海伦久等而向她致歉。
Having been there once she knew the place quite well.由于去过一次，她对这地方很熟悉。
Not having finished his work he could not leave the office.由于工作没干完，他不能离开办公室。
He had an American accent.他有美国口音。
The year has twelve months.一年有十二个月。
The book has illustrations.这书有插图。
She had never had that feeling before.她从未有过这种感觉。
Basss words had a soothing effect.贝斯的话有安慰的作用。
You have a bad temper.你脾气很坏。
What have you do you have in your hand?你手里拿着什么？
I have a very bad memory.我记性很不好。
He had had a very happy boyhood.他童年很幸福。
Weve had a lot of rain lately.近来雨水很多。
Im sorry I dont have any money with me.对不起，我身上没带钱。
Daddy and I had a long talk this afternoon.爸和我今天下午谈了很长时间I must have a wash first.我得先洗一洗。
She had a swim every day.她每天游一会儿泳。
The band had been having a rest. Now they started again.乐队休息了一儿，现在又开始演奏。
I usually go home and have a read.我通常回家看一会儿书。
If I were you I should have a good lie.我要是你我就好好躺一下。
He had not for ten years had a quarrel with anyone.十年来他从未和任何人吵过架。
That night he had an interview with Sybil Merton.那天晚上他和西比尔默顿会晤了一次。
I had a win in a competition.我在一次比赛中获胜了。
I like to have a smoke after dinner.我喜欢饭后抽一支烟。
The boys had a fight.男孩子们打了一架。
I am going to have a bath.我去洗澡。
She had a frightening dream.她做了一个恶梦。
He has always had a love of good food.他一向喜欢美食。
She had no respect for Mrs. Hood.她对胡德夫人毫不尊敬。
I had no wish to go to the Happy Valley.我不想去快活谷。
I have a dislike for rain and fog.我讨厌雨和雾。
We had some good laughs on the way.我们在路上好好笑了一阵子。
He decided to have one more try.他决定再试一次。
Lanny had his meals in the hotel dining room.兰尼在旅馆的餐厅吃饭。
I had meat for my supper.我晚饭吃肉。
Then have some coffee.那么就喝点咖啡吧。
Downstairs they were having tea together.在楼下，他们在一起喝茶。
Will you have a cigarette?你要不要抽一根烟？
Everybody here has the influenza.这儿人人都患流感。
Hes been having malaria.他一直在患疟疾。
Wilson had a severe headache that evening.那天晚上威尔逊头疼得厉害。
She has the measles.她出疹子了。
Do you often have cold?你常常感冒吗？
What life they had!他们过的是什么样的生活呀！
Im going to have her live with me soon.我不久将让她和我一起住。
Dont forget to have him come.别忘了让他来。
He wont have us criticize his work.他不让我们批评他的作品。
I wont have him cheat me.我不能让他欺骗我。
I will not have you worry her.我不能让你给她烦恼。
Ive had the stove lighted.我已让人把炉子生好了。
She might have gone to have her hair waved.她可能去烫发去了。
She is having her eyes tested.她将要去验光。
I intended to have my daughter educated in England.我打算让我女儿在英国受教育。
Ive just had some photos taken.我刚照了几张相。
Pas had his hands burned.爸的手给烫了。
Hes had his pocket picked.他的口袋给扒手扒了。
King Charles I had his head cut off.查理一世国王给砍了头。
The pilot had his plane hijacked.这个飞行员的飞机遭劫持。
Bronwen tried to have her talking. But no use.布朗温设法让她讲话，但没成功。
Ill have you all speaking English well within a year.我将让你们一年之内个个都讲流利的英语。
I have the car waiting.我让汽车等着。
He soon had them all laughing.他很快逗得大家都笑了。
Well soon have you walking about again.我们不久就可让你到处走动了。
Shell have you doing all the housework if youre not careful.你要是不小心会让你干所有的家务活。
I shall have to help him as much as I can.我将不得不尽量帮助他。
We have to go to a meeting now.我们现在得去开会了。
He said he had to see me about something important.他说他有要事要见我。
First Id have to get my fathers consent.我要先得到父亲的同意。
These last two days I have had to take a rest.最近两天我得休息一下。
Zaire was having to import food.扎伊尔现在不得不进口粮食。
He may have to cancel the plan.他可能需要打消这个计划。
Itll have to be done all over again.这将不得不重做一遍。
I shall have to be going.我得走了。
You dont have to worry about them any more.你不再需要为它们发愁了。
Ive got to be off now.我现在得走了。
The child has got to have an operation.这孩子必须动手术。
Thats what weve got to do.这是我们不得不做的事。
Its the one thing youve got to be careful about.这是你不得不当心的事。
Sophia has got to be compensated.索菲娅必须得到补偿。
Weve got to make ends meet.我们必须使收支相符。
Ive got another three minutes.我还有三分钟。
I havent got a thermometer.我没有体温表。
I think hes got prospects.我认为他有前途。
Have you got a timetable?你有火车时刻表吗？
Why hasnt she got any relations?她为什么没有什么亲戚？
What have you got against me?你对我有什么意见？
He has got the truth on his side.真理在他一边。
She hasnt got a bank account.她没在银行开户。
Ive got a bad headache.我头疼得很厉害。
Ive got a cold.我着凉了。
Youve got the wrong number.你把号码弄错了。
Have you got the paper there?报纸在你那儿吗？
It was acute pneumonia he had got.他患的是急性肺炎。
Youve got a new dress on.你穿新衣服了。
When do we meet again?我们什么时候再见面？
I dont care what she thinks.她怎么想我不管。
Did she do well in the competition?她比赛情况好吗？
He doesnt quite like the idea.他不太赞成这个想法。
Why didnt they believe him?为什么他们不相信他的话？
Never did I see him again.后来我再也没见到过他了。
I dont often go to the theatre neither does she.我不常去看戏，她也不常去。
I do hope youll stay for lunch.我的确希望你留下吃午饭。
He does speak well!他的确讲得很精彩！
So you did come after all.你到底还是来了。
Please! Do be quiet a moment!求求你们！安静一会儿！
Do be frank with me please.请千万坦率讲出你的意见。
Do try this fish.请一定尝尝这鱼。
Nancy works 16 hours a day. I dont know how she does it.
南希每天工作十六小时，我不知道她怎么做到的。
He didnt see you did he?他没看到你对吧？
He was always meaning to do this but he never did.他一直想这样做，却从未这样做。
My secretary worked later than I did at the office.在办公室，我秘书比我干得更晚。
I used to do business with them.我过去常和他们做生意。
Alison and I did our homework together.艾莉森和我一道做作业。
I have not done much work on this subject.在这个问题上我没做多少工作。
In the afternoon Philip did his lessons.菲利普下午做功课。
I cant do this sum problem in algebra.我做不了这道我数题。
What does your husband do?你丈夫是干什么的？
Can I do anything for you?我能帮你做点什么吗？
Whats to be done?该怎么办？
No sooner said than done.说了就干。
Martin did no reading that night.马丁那天晚上没看书。
Rich had to do some studying.里奇得学习学习。
Do you do much thinking?你常常进行思考吗？
Maria did most of the talking.大部分时间都是玛丽亚在讲话。
Mrs. Van Daan does the cooking.范达恩太太做饭。
We can do some sightseeing here.我们可以在这里参观游览。
Shes doing her knitting.她在织毛线。
Shes gone out to do some shopping.她出去买东西了。
He did much washing up that night.那天晚上他洗了半天盘子。
They do the kitchen and bathrooms every day.他们每天打扫厨房和浴室。
I am doing the dishes.我在洗盘子。
Have you done your teeth?你刷牙了吗？
Go and do your hair.去把头梳一下。
Do the vegetables a little longer.让蔬菜煮的时间长一点。
They do fish very well in that restaurant.那家餐馆鱼做得很好。
How would you like your steak done?你希望牛排烤到什么程度？
When he went in he found her doing the flowers.他进屋时看见她在插花。
Are you doing science at school?你在学校学科学吗？
He has been doing engineering at Sheffield University.他在谢菲尔德大学学工程。
He has done Horace into English verse.他把荷雷斯译成了英语诗。
He still has to do military service.他还得服兵役。
We did only comedies this season.这个季节我们只上演喜剧。
The group is doing Macbeth.这个剧团正演出麦克白。
We did two concerts last week.上星期我们听了两场音乐会。
Have you done the Tower?你参观伦敦塔了吗？
We did Spain in two weeks.我们在西班牙游览了两个礼拜。
She does seventyfive on the highway.她在高速公路上时速达七十五英里。
Martin has done an excellent article.马丁写了一篇精彩的文章。
Im doing my report on Shakespeare.我正在写关于莎士比亚的报告。
She has done an original play.她创作了一个有新意的剧本。
She did some pretty sketches.她画了几张漂亮的素描。
Ive done six copies.我复印了六份。
My father has done a large portrait of Lily.我父亲给莉莉画了一幅大型画像。
I will do a translation for you.我来帮你把它翻译出来。
He is able to do a complete suit in only three days.他用三天就可缝制好一套衣裳。
The barber will do you next.理发师下一个就给你理。
They did me very well at that hotel.在那家旅馆他们把我招待得很好。
Smith will certainly do you well.史密斯一定会好好待你的。
He does the best admirably.他做得相当好。
That shopkeeper did me.那家商店老板骗了我。
That rogue of a dealer did me over the sale of these pictures.那个坏蛋画商在卖这些画时骗了我。
You have been done!你受骗了！
How do you do?你好！
She is doing nicely.她干得很好。
Mother and child are doing well.母子都平安。
All his patients were doing well.他的病人都情况良好。
In future I must do better than that.今后我要干得更好。
Youve done well at school.你在学校学习情况不错。
He did very well in the examination.他考得很好。
Everything in the garden is doing well.花园里所有花木都生长良好。
Will it do if we let you have an answer by Friday?我们星期五以前给你答复行吗？
Perhaps that will do.或许这就够了。
No that wont do. Its too risky.不，那不行，太冒险。
If you cant spare a dozen eggs half a dozen will do.如果你匀不出一打鸡蛋，半打也行。
Will 5 do？五英镑够吗？
It doesnt do to work too much.干得太厉害也不行。
How would it do for me to write to him?我来给他写信如何？
This hotel wont do.这家旅馆不行。
I will call you when I am ready.我准备好了给你打电话。
We will stay here.我们将住这里。
I will write again some time.我回头再给你写信。
Well discuss that later.这事以后再谈。
Hell be here this afternoon.他今天下午来。
I must go; the students will be waiting for me.我得走了，学生们会等我的。
Shell have calmed down in the morning.到早晨她就会冷静下来了。
It looks as if Henry wont be in time for the train.看来亨利赶不上火车了。
Ill be seeing you in the morning.早上见。
Will you type this please?劳驾，可否帮我打一下？
Will you have a whisky Doctor?大夫，你要不要喝一杯威士忌？
Will you stay for lunch?你可否留下吃午饭？
If you want help let me know will you?如果你需要帮助，告诉我，好吗？
Bring the fruit up to the dining room will you?把水果送到楼上餐厅里来好吗？
Will you please take her to her room?请你把她送到她房里去好吗？
Will you please at once pack up and leave?请你马上收拾行李离开好吗？
Wont you take off your coat?你要不要把大衣脱掉？
Wont you come in and have something to drink?你要不要进来喝点什么？
Wont you sit down?你可否坐下？
Wont you come over?你可不可以过来一下？
I will pay you at the rate you ask.我愿意照你要求的价钱付款。
Why wont you exhibit this portrait?你为什么不愿意展出这张人像？
I meant to reason with you but you wont reason.我本想和你讲道理，但你不肯讲道理。
A man who wont work is no good.不肯干活的人没出息。
Go where you will.你愿到哪里就到哪里。
Boys will be boys.孩子总是孩子。
He will get into my light.他老是挡我的光亮。
Sometimes the cat will lie there all afternoon.有时猫在那里会一躺一整个下午。
Oil and water will not mix.油和水混不起来。
These things will happen.这种事总是要发生的。
I wont leave you. You cant make me.我绝不离开你，你不能强迫我离开。
Tell me the secret.I wont.把秘密告诉我。我才不哩。
I wont give her a divorce.我不会和她离婚。
We will never talk about that subject again.我们绝不再谈这个问题。
I wont have anything said against her.我绝不让谁说她的坏话。
I wont let you down in any way.我绝不会做对不起你的事。
Well pay back the money soon.我们不久就偿还这笔钱。
I wont do it any more I promise you.我答应你我再也不这样了。
I wont forget her birthday I will send her a present.我不会忘记她的生日，我将送她一个礼物。
You will report to the principal at once.你立即到校长那里去报告。
You will not go out today; you will stay in and work.今天你不要出去，待在家里干活。
You will wait here till I come back.你在这里等我回来。
Until we have cured you you wont be leaving here.在把你治愈之前你不得离开这里。
No one will leave the examination room before 12 oclock.十二点前谁也不准离开考场。
This will be the house youre looking for.这想必是你找的房子。
He will have gone back to England.他可能已回英国去了。
Most of you will have heard of hormones.你们多数人想必听说过荷尔蒙。
You wont know Gordon. Hes our new doctor.你不会认识戈登。他是我们的新医生。
The audience will not be aware of such detail.听众们想必不知道这样的细节。
Sorry to be late. You will have been waiting for some time.对不起我来晚了。你想必已等了一些时候了。
I knew you would agree.我知道你会同意的。
I thought you would be sleeping.我还以为你会在睡觉哩。
I thought John would be looking after him.我想约翰会照顾他的。
She didnt know when she would be seeing him again.她不知道什么时候会再见到他。
I thought Sophia would have told you something.我以为索菲娅会已告诉你一些情况。
They moved to the main entrance where the car would be waiting.他们向大门口走去，一辆汽车会在那里等着。
From these outings I would return on Monday.这些旅行之后我将于星期一返回。
I said I would arrange everything.我说我将安排一切。
He asked if we would go in.他问我们要不要进去。
I told her I would be waiting for her outside the office.我告诉她我将在办公室外等她。
Would you tell her that Charles phoned?你可否告诉她查尔斯来过电话？
Would you do me a favour?你可否帮我一个忙？
Would you ask them to wait outside?你可否请他们在外面等等？
I would like you to get the files.我想请你把档案拿来。
I would like to ask you a question.我想问你一个问题。
I would like to have a little talk with you.我想和你谈一会儿。
Would you Wouldnt you like a drink?你想不想喝点饮料？
Would you care to stay with us?你想不想在我们这里住？
I would like to know the date.我想知道日期。
We wouldnt like to lose you.我们不想失掉你。
I would hate to move to another house now.我不想现在搬到别处去。
I wouldnt mind being a messenger.我不介意做一个传书递简的人。
Papa wouldnt allow it.爸爸不会同意的。
London wouldnt suit her.伦敦对她不会合适。
I would do it if I could.如果我能够我会这样做。
If he were in town he would help you.如果他在城里，他会帮助你的。
If you had taken my advice this wouldnt have happened.如果你听了我的劝告，这事就不会发生了。
She would have said more had he not walked away.如果他没走开她还会多说一些的。
Denial would have been useless.否认是没有用的。
I might see her personally. It would be better.我可能亲自去看她，那样更好些。
But for your help we would have been late.幸亏你帮忙，要不我们就迟到了。
Such a thing wouldnt have happened elsewhere.这种事在别处是不会发生的。
Anybody else would have believed you.任何别人都会相信你的话了。
I wouldnt worry about it. It wont do any good.我不会为此发愁。这一点用也没有。
She would have done anything to make amends.她会做任何事来弥补。
He wouldnt hear of Philip leaving them.他不愿听到菲利浦离开他们。
He wouldnt let the doctor take his blood pressure.他不肯让医生量他的血压。
No matter what happened he would not say a word.不管发生什么情况，他一句话也不肯说。
He felt Helen would never permit anything of the sort.他感到海伦决不会允许发生这样的事。
They had to obey whether they would or not.不管他们是否愿意，他们得服从。
If they would come he would help Martin buy his equipment.如果他们愿意来，他会帮助马丁购置设备。
If Ann would admit this Id be quite happy.如果安肯承认这一点，我会很高兴。
If they would put their heads together they would find ways to tide over the difficulty.如果他们肯集思广益，他们会找到渡过困难的办法。
Occasionally they would go out and paint pictures.偶尔他们会出去画画。
This singing made people stop and then I would make a tenminute speech.唱歌使路人停下，然后我会作十分钟的讲演。
Now and then a black bird would call.不时黑鸟会啼叫两声。
He would sit there for hours sometimes doing nothing at all.有时他在那里一坐几个钟头，什么也不做。
The windows wouldnt open.窗子打不开了。
The wound would not heal.伤口老不愈合。
Thats just like hershe would lose her keys!她就是这样，老爱丢钥匙！
The person you mentioned would be her father is that right?你提的那个人想必是她的父亲，对吗？
That would be in 1976 I think.这一定是1976年的事，我想。
I thought you would have finished this by now.我想现在你一定已经干完了。
Even an illiterate person would understand that.连一个文盲都会懂得这一点。
Few people would agree with this.很少人会同意这种看法。
Id rather have the red one.我宁愿要红色的那件。
He would rather listen to others than talk himself.他宁愿听别人谈而不自己谈。
He would sooner play than work.他愿玩而不愿干活。
I would sooner go home.我宁愿回家去。
We would sooner rather have left on the 8th.我们宁愿8号走。
I would as soon stay at home.我宁愿待在家里。
I would as soon do it now as later.我宁愿现在做而不是将来做。
He said hed sooner die than betray his friend.他说他宁愿死而不愿背叛他的朋友。
Id rather sooner you didnt ask me to speak.我宁愿你不让我发言。
Id rather you knew that now than afterwords.我宁愿你现在知道而不是以后。
Shall I turn on the light Mm?夫人，要不要把灯打开？
Shall we sit here?我们坐在这里好吗？
What shall we do now?现在我们怎么办？
How shall I answer her?我怎样回答她？
I shall pay a visit to England this winter.今年冬天我将访问英国。
I shall often be coming to Pisa.我将常常到比萨来。
We shall be going away tomorrow by an early train.我们明天将坐早车离开此地。
Tomorrow we shall have finished with this business.明天我们就能干完此事。
I shant be long.我不会去太久。
We shant be coming back today.我们今天不回来了。
You shall hear everything directly you come.你一来就可听到所有情况了。
Very well my dear you shall have the coat.好的，亲爱的，你会得到这件大衣。
Whatever you want you shall have said the Fairy.你想要什么就会得到什么，仙女说。
I dont want to be hard on him: he shant be pressed.我不会对他苛刻，不会逼他。
I shant go back there.我绝不回那里去。
That day shall come.那一天一定会来。
The enemy shall not pass.绝不会让敌人通过。
He shall suffer for this.他将为此受苦。
She shall do as she is told.她得按命令行事。
He shant come here.他不应当来。
She shall not stay under my roof!绝不能让她住在我这里！
Persons under 18 shall not be employed in night work.不得雇佣不满十八岁的人干夜间工作。
Each competitor shall wear a number.每个参赛者要戴一个号码。
Members shall enter the names of their guests in the book provided.会员必须将他们客人的名字登记在提供的本子里。
All foreign residents shall have reported to the nearest police station by September 20.所有外籍居民必须于9月20日起到最近的派出所去一趟。
We demand that the rich shall pay for them.我们要求富人为他们付款。
It has been decided that he shall be given the job.已决定应当给他工作。
My mother is determined that I shall stay with Jack.妈决心让我和杰克住一起。
这类用法已不很普遍，在很多情况下都可用will代替，尤其在美国。
We thought we should never see you again.我们以为再也见不到你了。
We hoped that we should have confidence in each other again.我们希望我们会对彼此重新有信心。
I told him that I should show him around the next day.我告诉他第二天我会带他到处看看。
The BBC weather report this morning said that we should have rain.英国广播公司天气预报说今天有雨。
I should write some letters tonight.今晚我应当写几封信。
Why should I pay him?我为什么要向他付款？
You should do it for your own good.为了自己好你应当这样做。
I think you should get in touch with your solicitor.我认为你应和你的律师联系。
She considered how she should answer.她考虑她应如何回答。
They shouldnt come to such a decision hastily.他们不应匆忙做出这样的决定。
You should have washed the wound. But you havent.你应当先把伤口洗一洗的，但你没洗。
You should not have gone up to college so soon.你不该这么早上大学。
You are right; I should have thought of that.你说得对，我应当想到这一点。
You shouldnt be reading a novel. You should be reading a textbook.此刻你不应当在看小说，你应当在看课本。
Why werent you helping Tom? You should have been helping him.你为什么不是在帮助汤姆？你是应当在帮助他的。
Often when he should have been doing something useful he wasted his time drawing little pictures.常常当他应当干些正经事时，他却浪费时间画小画。
He wrote suggesting that he should come to Paris.他写信，建议他到巴黎来。
Claudel moved that Norwood should be made a member of the committee.克洛戴尔提出动议，让诺伍德当一名委员。
He stipulated that the best materials should be used.他规定要使用最好的原料。
He preferred that such comments should cease.他希望停止这种议论。
It will be better that he should be out of France.他要是离开法国会更好一些。
It is necessary that I should return it this morning.今天早上我就有必要还回去。
It is very important that he should go to the School of Art.他上美术学校至关重要。
It was arranged that they should leave the following spring.已安排好他们第二年春天离开。
I was anxious that our plan should not fail.我急盼我们的计划不会失败。
关于哪一类句型中的从句可用这种结构，可参阅第102、103节。
Its dreadful that anyone should be so miserable.有人竟这样悲惨真可怕。
It seems so unfair that this should happen to me.这事竟发生在我身上似乎太不公平了。
Its natural that you should forget it.你忘了这事不足为奇。
I cant think why he should have said that.我想不明白为什么他竟说出这样的话。
It wasnt right that such near neighbours should not know one another.这样的近邻却竟互不认识这可不对。
It is odd that they should not have presented you with a copy.他们竟然没有送你一本，真太奇怪了。
Why should you talk to her like that?你为什么竟然这样和她说话？
How should I know?我怎么会知道。
I should never have done it if I hadnt been so hard up.要不是我经济上那样困难我绝不会做这事。
I should not have laughed if I had thought you were serious.要是我以为你是认真的我就不会发笑了。
We shouldnt have won without you.要不是有你我们不会赢。
What should I have done in her place?我要是处在她的地位我会怎样做？
I should be happy to go with you if I should not be in the way.如果我不碍事，我愿和你们一道去。
Should I be free tomorrow I will come.如果明天我有空我就来。
If you should be passing do come and see us.万一你从这儿过，一定来看我们。
She stood away so that he should enter the room first.她站在一边，让他先进屋去。
I said that so that he should be satisfied.我这样说好让他满意。
We hid it so that he should not see it.我们把它藏起来以免他看到。
They trembled lest the father should hear of it.他们都发抖，惟恐父亲听到这事。
He offered to write it out for her lest she should forget.他提出替她写下来，以防她忘记。
Here is a shilling in case you should need it.这里是一先令钱，备你急需。
Ill keep a seat for you in case you should change your mind.我给你留一个座位，以备你改变主意时用。
I should be glad to talk to him.我愿意和他谈谈。
I should think that you would be above doing anything like that.我认为你不会做出这样的事。
I should be very unhappy on the Continent.住在欧洲，我可能很不愉快。
There are a lot of things I should have liked to ask you.有好些事我想问你。
I should have preferred him to do it in a different way.我愿意他本来会以另一种方式行事的。
I should like to ask the minister a question.我想向部长提一个问题。
They should be there by now I think.我想现在他们都已经到了。
The poems should be out in a month or so.个把月之后这些诗估计就可以出版了。
The effect of the tax should be felt in higher prices.这些税的影响估计会在上涨的物价中感觉出来。
This young man should go far.这个年轻人应当很有前途。
We neednt get ready yet; the guests shouldnt come for another hour.我们暂时无需准备好，客人估计一个钟头内不会到。
Can you type?你能打字吗？
Who can prove it?谁能证明这一点？
These difficulties we can and must conquer.这些困难我们能够也必须克服。
I cant play the piano but I can play the guitar.我不会弹钢琴，但会弹吉他。
I havent been able to sleep recently.最近我睡不着觉。
We can see the lake from the window.从窗口我们可以看到湖。
We can call for you at nine.我们可以九点钟叫你。
I cannot say definitely until I see Ellis.在见到艾丽丝之前我没有把握说。
Im like that you cant alter me.我就是这样，你改变不了我。
Im afraid I cant come to the party on Friday.恐怕我参加不了星期五的晚会了。
Can you come and see me tomorrow?Yes I can.你明天能来找我吗？可以。
I can smell something burning.我可以闻到糊味。
Children can be very trying.孩子们有时候可以让你很伤脑筋。
So data of this kind can be valuable.因此这样的资料有时很有价值。
It can be quite cold in Cairo in January.开罗一月份有时相当冷。
He can be very naughty.他有时很调皮。
She can look quite attractive when she wants to.她想显得漂亮时可以很漂亮。
He is a badtempered fellow but he can be quite charming when he wishes.他是个脾气暴躁的人，但他愿意时也可以很温和。
Can I come in?我能进来吗？
You can have my seat. I am going away.你可以坐我的座位，我要走了。
This sort of thing cant go on!这样的事不能再进行下去了。
Can I use your phone?我能用一下你的电话吗？
Of course you can.你当然可以。
Im afraid you cant.恐怕不行。
You can watch TV for as long as you like.电视你爱看多久就可以看多久。
You cant smoke here.你不能在这里吸烟。
在这里can和may意思差不多。在日常口语中用can时更多。
How can you be so conceited?你怎么能这样高傲？
What can he mean?他能是什么意思呢？
Can he still be alive after all these years?过了这么多年他还活着？
He cant be more than thirty.他不可能在三十以上。
She cant be your daughter.她不可能是你女儿。
You cant have forgotten me.你不可能已忘记我了。
She cant have left so soon.她不可能走得这么早。
Where can he have gone?他能到哪里去了呢？
They cant have gone out because the lights on.他们不可能出去了，因为灯还亮着。
If he said that he cant be telling the truth.如果他这样说，他讲的不可能是真话。
What on earth can she be doing?她此刻能在干什么呢？
Lanny could run and was a good tennis player.兰尼能跑，是一名优秀的网球运动员。
He couldnt follow the argument closely.他没法紧紧跟上这场争论。
She couldnt understand his state of mind.她不能理解他的心态。
She could sing very well when she was a girl.她小时候歌唱得很好。
He was able to could run very fast.他可以跑得很快。
She wasnt able to couldnt answer the question.她未能回答这个问题。
It was so dark we could see nothing.天那么黑我们什么也看不见。
Richard hurt his foot and couldnt play football.理查德脚受了伤，不能踢足球。
He said he couldnt come.他说他不能来。
Mary could be pretty naughty when she was a child.玛丽小时候有时很调皮。
The teacher said we could go to the shops for sweets.老师说我们可以到商店去买糖果。
We couldnt see the movie because it was sold out.因为票卖完了我们未能看那部电影。
Could I borrow your thermos?我能借一下你的暖瓶吗？
Could you show me how to do it?你可不可以教我怎么做？
Could you make out our bill?你能否把我们的账单开一下？
Could I bring a friend with me?我能带一个朋友来吗？
Could I bring a bottle of Vermouth please?能给我一瓶味美思酒吗？
I could come early if necessary.如果必要我可以早点来。
I couldnt be happier.我不能再高兴了。
You could have a nursery here.你可以在这里办一个幼儿园。
No one could be more generous; he has a heart of gold.没有人比他更大方了，他有一颗金子般的心。
Could this be true?这能是真的吗？
Oh how could you be so stupid?哦，你怎么会这样傻？
The money has disappeared. Who could have taken it?钱不见了。能是谁拿了呢？
What could have become of him now?现在他可能怎么样了呢？
They couldnt have left so soon.他们不可能走得这么早。
Surely nothing could be going on there so late at night.这么深夜肯定那里不可能有什么活动。
The setting couldnt have been lovelier.背景不可能再美了。
Could he still be working?他现在难道还在工作？
Could she have been waiting so long?她能等得这么久了吗？
If you tried you could do that work.如果你试试，你也可以干这工作。
Could you endure poverty if I went away?要是我走开，你能忍受贫穷吗？
Even if he had been there he couldnt have helped you.即使他在那里，他也不能帮你的忙。
You could get into university if you applied.如果你申请你能进大学。
If it hadnt been for the freezing wind they could have reached the injured man in time.要不是有刺骨的寒风，他们就及时赶到伤员身边了。
We could have gone away if wed had enough money.如果我们有足够的钱我们就离开了。
Why didnt you apply for the job? You could have got it.你干吗没去申请这份工作？你是可能得到的。
Paul couldnt have gone anyway because he was ill.保罗不管怎样都不能去，因为他生病了。
You did very well to pass the exam. I couldnt have passed it.你考得很好通过了，我可不会通过。
She could not have been more than sixteen atby that time.那时她不可能超过十六岁。
We could not have heard them because of the noise from the river.由于有河水声我们不可能听见他们的话。
I do not see how I could have done otherwise.我看不出那时我还能有什么别的做法。
Where could Brunton have gone in the night?在夜里布鲁顿能到哪里去了呢？
He put it in such a way that I could not very well have walked off.他这样讲，我没法就这样走掉。
I could have lent you the money. Why didnt you ask me?我本来可以借这笔钱给你的。你为什么不向我提出？
You neednt have cooked it. We could have eaten it raw.你其实可以不煮熟它，我们本来可以生吃。
Her husband could have told her but he did not choose to.她丈夫本来可以告诉她的，但他不想这样做。
Indications are that the accident could have been prevented.迹象表明这次事故本来是可以避免的。
She felt miserable she could have cried.她感到痛苦极了，她差点哭出来了。
I could have died laughing.我差点笑死了。
You could have been more considerate.你本可考虑得更周到的。
You could have started a little earlier.你本可早点动身的。
May I come round in the morning?Yes please do.我可否上午来？可以。
May I have some ice cream?Sure.我能吃点冰淇淋吗？没问题。
May I have the key?能把钥匙给我吗？
May I have a word with you?我能跟你说句话吗？
May I leave this with you?我能把这放在你这里吗？
I may leave now maynt I?Yes you may.我可以走了，是吧？可以走了。
You may do exactly as you like.你可以爱怎么做就怎么做。
Thats all; you may go now.就这些，你可以走了。
You may bring them back Monday.你可以星期一送回来。
If you wish to do it you may.如果你想这样做，你可以这样做。
If I may say so your work needed revision.如果我可以这样说的话，你的著作需要修订。
People may not pick flowers in the park.人们不得在公园里攀折花木。
Dogs may not be taken into these carriages.不得带狗进入这些车厢。
He may be engaged.他可能有事。
It may be a new species.它可能是一个新品种。
Im afraid I may be bored.我担心我可能会厌烦。
He may not be there.他可能不在那里。
There may be a romantic movie on tonight.今晚可能上映一部罗曼蒂克的电影。
You may have read some account of the matter.你可能已看到对这事的一些报道。
They may have seen him.他们可能见到过他。
Mathews may have written that letter.这封信可能是马修写的。
I may be going back in the fall.我可能今秋回去。
She may be bringing a few friends home.她可能会带几个朋友到家里来。
He may not have been feeling well.他可能身子不舒服。
That may well have been their intention.这很可能是他们的意图。
It may well be the largest cathedral in the world.它很可能是世界上最大的大教堂。
Write to him at once so that he may know in time.立即给他写信，使他能及时知道。
Lift little Harry up so that he may see the procession.把小哈利抱起来，使他能看到游行队伍。
However much they may desire it they cannot express their sympathetic feelings.不管他们多么想这样做，他们无法表达他们的同情。
However harshly he may have pointed out Martins errors he was aware of his merits.不管他多么尖锐地指出马丁的错误，他对他的优点还是知道的。
He swore that come what may he would never let her know what he was doing for her sake.他发誓说，不管发生什么情况，他也绝不让她知道他为她做的事。
Shut the window for fear that it may rain.把窗子关上以防下雨。
May you enjoy many years of health and happiness.祝你享有许多年的健康和幸福。
May God bless you!愿上帝赐福于你！
May there never be another world war!愿永远不再有世界大战！
May you have many happy years together!祝你们在一起过许多年的幸福生活！
May some of the suggestions prove of value to you.愿这些建议有些能对你有益。
Catherine you may as well come too.凯瑟琳，你不妨也去。
If that is the case I may as well try.既然如此，我不妨试一试。
We may as well finish the job now that weve got so far with it我们已干到这个程度了，不妨把这工作干完。
Since Now you are here you may as well make yourself useful.既然你在这儿，不妨做点有益的事。
I asked her if I might call and see her.我问她我可否去看望她。
I asked if I might glance through the exercises.我问可否看看这些练习。
He suggested one or two books which they might buy.他提了几本他们可以买的书。
I thought you might stay with us.我想你可以在我们这儿住。
He thought it might be wise to try his luck there.他想在那儿碰碰运气可能是明智的。
His only thought was that Nathalie might do something desperate.他唯一的想法是纳莎丽可能会做出什么不顾后果的事。
I was careful not to look at him. He might have seen the surprise in my eyes.我注意不看他。否则他可能会看出我眼中的惊异情绪。
I wondered what you could be doing and what might be happening to you.我想知道你可能在干什么和可能发生什么情况。
He died so that others might live.他牺牲了自己使别人能够活下来。
I wished that you were there so that I might thank you in person.我希望你在那儿以便我能当面向你致谢。
Amy was not allowed to go to bed lest she might be needed.他们不让艾米睡觉，以防会需要她。
Maria made up her mind that come what might she would stay there.玛丽亚下定决心，不管发生什么情况，她都要留在那里。
Try as she might she could not persuade her friends to go.不管她怎样想法，都不能劝说她的朋友们去。
Might I inquire if you are the owner?我可否问一句你是不是老板？
Might I borrow your umbrella?我可否借一下你的雨伞？
I wonder if I might use your phone.不知可否用一下你的电话。
Maggie you might see Mr. Shand to the door.麦吉，你可以把商德先生送到门口。
You might just give me half a cup.你给我半杯就行了。
If necessary Ashe King might shorten it.如果必要，阿希金可以把它缩短。
Yes you might have some fever.对，你可能有点发烧。
It might be worth thinking about.这可能值得考虑。
Perhaps you might like to glance around my place here.或许你愿在我这儿到处看看。
He might not be in England.他或许不在英国。
She might have been taken ill quite suddenly.她或许是突然生病了。
I might have come to a wrong conclusion.我可能得出了错误的结论。
He might be expecting an answer from you.他可能在期待你的回信。
We might well get injured.我们很可能受伤。
You might well be right.你很可能是对的。
If I knew them better I might invite them to dinner.如果我和他们再熟一点我可以请他们来吃饭。
If you didnt mind we might go there.如果你不介意，我们可以到那里去一趟。
If I had been less cautious I might have been more wise.如果我不那么谨慎，或许反倒聪明一点。
If it hadnt been for Margaret I might not have understood.要不是有玛格丽特，我或许还不能理解。
Presently she grew calmer. It might have been worse she might have flared up.一会儿她冷静了一些。情况本可能更糟的，她可能大发雷霆的。
It was really very dangerous. You might have injured him.真是很悬。你可能把他打伤的。
I still think I might have made a go at it.我仍然认为我可以试一试的。
How quickly time passed! It might have happened yesterday.时间过得真快！简直像是昨天发生的事似的。
You might have let me know before!你要是早点让我知道就好了！
You might have told us half an hour ago.你半个钟头前告诉我就好了。
You might at least offer to help.你至少可以主动帮帮忙呀。
They might not have considered me as their friend.或许他们没把我当成朋友。
Father mightnt have been to blame.或许不可能怨父亲。
A lot of men died who might have been saved.很多人本来可以获救的却死了。
Grandpapa might have married Pepita.爷爷本来可能和帕毕塔结婚的。
Im ready so I might as well go now.我已准备好，因此不妨现在就走。
Shall we walk?We might as well.要不要步行去？我们不妨步行去。
Now that she has come up to London she might as well speak her mind.既然她已来到伦敦，她不妨讲出她心里的话。
We might as well have gone go home as you suggested.我们还不如照你说的回家去。
The buses are so expensive these days you might as well get a taxi.最近公共汽车车费很贵，还不如坐出租车去。
We must call the doctor.我们必须去请医生。
Its a fantastic film. You must see it.这部片子好极了。你一定得去看。
You must keep it a secret.这事你得保密。
We must agree to differ.我们必须同意有不同意见。
We must be off.我们得走了。
What must be must be！要发生的事总是要发生的。
Must you leave so soon?你一定得这么早走吗？
I havent seen her for ages. I must phone her up.好久没见到她了，我得给她打个电话。
You must lunch with me tomorrow.你明天一定要和我一起吃午饭。
The book must be finished by the end of the month.这书必须在月底前完成。
Im afraid I must be going.我恐怕得走了。
She was nearly grown up and must soon be looking after herself.她已差不多长大成人，不久应该自己照顾自己了。
She must see Hubert that very night.那天晚上她就得去看赫伯特。
The play began at eight so they must dine at seven.戏八点开演，因此他们必须七点吃饭。
She asked her boss if she must had to work overtime.她问老板她是否一定要超时工作。
She told us we must had to wait until we were called.她告诉我们必须等到叫我们再去。
Of course she mustnt leave us.当然她不能离开我们。
I must speak to Helen soon. She mustnt learn this from someone else.我得快和海伦说，别让她从别人那里知道这事。
You must not drive without a license.你不得无证开车。
You mustnt do that.你可不要这样做。
You mustnt forget to tell him about it.你别忘了告诉他这件事。
The teacher must not favour some children than others.老师不宜偏爱一部分学生。
You mustnt walk on the grass.你可不要在草地上走。
I must hurry. I mustnt be late.我得赶快。我不能迟到。
You mustnt breathe a word of this to anyone.你千万不要对任何人谈到这事。
Must I come at four? Yes you must.我一定要四点钟来吗？是的，一定要四点来。
No you neednt. You may come any time in the afternoon.不一定，你可以下午任何时候来。
Judging by the smell the food must be good.从香味上看，这菜一定很好吃。
Your brother must be anxious to know the particulars.你哥哥一定急于知道详细情况。
Its two oclock. He must be in by now.现在是两点钟。他一定已经到了。
You can eat all this. You must have a good digestion.你能吃这么多。你的消化力一定很强。
You must know Diana surely.你准认识戴安娜。
No one is answering the phone. They mustnt be at home.没人接电话，他们准不在家。
He must have arrived already.他一定已经到了。
Nonsense you must have misheard.胡说，你准是听错了。
Sophia must have been through a lot.索菲娅一定受过很多苦。
The article must have been written by a woman.这篇文章一定是一个女子写的。
You must be joking.你准是在说笑话。
Philip thought Rose must be looking forward to his return.菲利浦想露丝一定在盼望他回去。
He must be working very hard.他工作一定很努力。
Someone must have been smoking here.一定有人一直在这里抽烟。
You must have been thinking of something.你一定在想心事。
We must think about this seriously.我们应认真考虑此事。
You must recognize that we cant allow such behaviour.你应当明白我们不会允许有这样的行为。
You must say hello to her.你应当跟她打个招呼。
We must go and have a weekend there.我们应当到那里度周末。
Shes a nice person. You must meet her.她是个好人，你应和她见见。
You must read this bookits so wonderful.这本书你应当看，真是好极了。
Must you worry her with questions just when she is busy cooking dinner?她正忙着做饭你干嘛偏偏问她问题？
After I gave her my advice she must go and do the opposite.在我给她出主意之后她偏反着干。
Just when we are ready to go away for the holidays the baby must catch measles.我正准备出去休假，偏偏宝宝又出麻疹了。
Why must she be so nasty to me?为什么她偏对我这样恶劣？
One A fellow ought to be broadminded about things.对事情，一个人应当宽宏大量。
Theres one thing I ought to tell you.有一件事我应该告诉你。
He ought not to do that.他不应当这样做。
She ought to oughtnt to go back.她不应当回去。
Ought he to go?Yes he ought to.他应当去吗？应当去。
He doesnt think of you as much as he ought to.他没有像本应该的那样对你好。
We ought to celebrate.我们应当庆祝。
Jack ought not to go to bed so late.杰克不应当这样晚睡觉。
He certainly ought not to be promoted.他的确不应当提升。
He ought to be isolated.他应当隔离。
Something ought to be done about it.对此应当想些办法。
Such men ought to be got rid of.这样的人应当处置掉。
He ought to have done the work himself.这工作他是应当自己做的。
I ought to have helped her but I never could.我本该帮助她的，却从未能这样做。They oughtnt to have let you out of hospital so soon.他们不应当让你这样早出院。
I dont think you ought to have done that.我想你不应该这样做的。
You oughtns to be talking so much Annie.你不宜讲这么多话，安妮。
It isnt what I ought to be doing.这不是我现在应该做的事。
I ought to be going.我该走了。
You ought to be out in the fresh air.你应当到户外呼吸一些新鲜空气。
You ought to go about more. It would do you good.你应当多活动，这对你有好处。
You ought to be prepared for something unpleasent.你应对发生不愉快的事有点思想准备。
Oughtnt he Ought he not to see a doctor?他应不应当去看医生？
We oughtnt to take risks.我们不宜于冒险。
He said I ought to write an article about it.他说我应当写一篇文章谈这事。
I think you ought to try a different approach.我想你应试一个新办法。
Jim ought to be up now.吉姆应当已经起床了。
It ought to be ready by now.现在它应当已经准备好了。
I ought to be able to live on my salary.我应当可以靠我的薪水生活。
I ought to be fit for work next month.下个月我想必可以工作了。
Shes been studying hard for the exam so she ought to pass.她一直用功准备考试，因此她一定可以通过。
He ought to have arrived by now.现在他应当已经到了。
She ought to have got everything ready by now.她现在想必已把一切准备好。
We ought to be hearing from him soon.我们不久应当会接到他的信。
You neednt clean the windows. They arent dirty.你不必擦窗子，不脏。
Must we take action immediately? No you neednt fuss.我们必须立即采取行动吗？不，你不必大惊小怪。
So we neednt hurry with the meeting.因此我们不必急于开会。
I neednt finish the work today.我不必今天完成这项工作。
It neednt be talked about.这事不必谈。
They need not have been punished so severely.他们不必受到这样严厉的惩罚。
You neednt have mentioned it.这事你不必提。
You need not have gone there yesterday.昨天你不必去的。
She neednt have told them about it.她没有必要告诉他们这件事。
I dont believe you need worry.我相信你不必忧虑。
I dont think you need take it too seriously.我看你不必对这事太认真。
I dont see why we need discuss it further.我看不出我们还有什么必要进一步谈。
But you need have no anxiety on my account.但你不必为我焦急。
It was clear that he need never trouble to get up at seven again.显然他再也不需要费事七点钟起床了。
I hardly scarcely need say how much I enjoyed the holiday.我简直不必说这次度假我多么愉快。
Nobody need be afraid of catching the disease.任何人不必要担心染上这个病。
Why need you go today?为什么你需要今天走？
Need you go yet?Yes I must.你有必要走吗？是的，我得走。
Need he do it all at once? No he neednt.他需要马上就干吗？不需要。
Need she come?No she neednt.她需要来吗？不需要。
So I neednt pretend need I?因此我不必装假，对吧？
Need you have scolded him so severely?你有必要这样严厉地批评他吗？
Need they have paid so much?他们有必要付这么多钱吗？
I asked him whether he need go.我问他是否有必要去。
Do you think you need tell her about it?你认为你有必要告诉她这件事吗？
I wonder if I need bring my mosquitonet.不知我有否必要带蚊帐。
在个别情况下也有人把它用于肯定句。
One need only consider the facts.人们只需要考虑一下这些事实。
Here you need give way to me.在这里你需要向我让步。
There was another hour before I need go out into the cold.再有一个钟头我就得出去面对严寒了。
If she wants anything she need only ask.如果她需要什么，她只需说一声。
上面都是名家的句子，但日常仍以不这样用为好。
情态动词need的否定式是neednt；及物动词need的否定式是dontdoesntdidnt need。
Theyre certain to need help.他们肯定会需要帮助。
George needs a new pair of shoes.乔治需要一双新鞋。
She needed a rest.她需要休息。
We need your guidance assistance.我们需要你的指引帮助。
It needs no explanation.它无需解释。
I dont need anything.我什么也不需要。
Tell me what you need.告诉我你需要什么。
I need to get away and rest up a little.我需要离开，稍稍休息一下。
They need to tackle the problem in a new way.他们需要以新的方式处理这个问题。
The instruments needed to be sterilized.这些器具需要消毒。
The house needs to be redecorated.房子需要装修。
He did not need to arrive so early.他不必来得这么早。
When crossing the frontier he doesnt need to show his passport.他越过边境时无需出示护照。
I dont think you need to worry.我看你不必忧虑。
Does she need to know?她需要知道吗？
Does it need to be done so soon?这事需要这么快就办吗？
The pants need pressing to be pressed.裤子需要熨烫。
These shoes need repairing.这双鞋需要补一补。
The garden needs watering.花园需要洗水了。
His hair needed cutting.他的头发该理了。
She will need looking after.她需要人照顾。
My English needed brushing up.我的英文需要好好复习。
I need you over to help me with the children.我需要你过来帮我看孩子。
I need this tooth out.我需要拔掉这颗牙。
When do you need the books back?你需要我什么时候把书还给你？
I need my coat mended.我的上衣需要补一补。
We need you to work for us.我们需要你帮我们工作。
He darent ask his boss for a day off.他不敢向老板请求休一天假。
He dared not go near Ruths neighbourhood.他不敢走近露丝的邻近地区。
I darent ask you because I thought I must be wrong.我不敢问你，因为我认为我肯定错了。
No one dared speak of it.没人敢谈及此事。
I never dared stay long.我从来不敢多待。
I scarcely dare think of it我简直不敢想这事。
I darent have done it yesterday but I think I dare now.昨天我没敢这样做，但现在我想我敢。
I didnt like their new house though I darent have said so.我不喜欢他们的新房子，虽然我不敢这样说。
How dare you ask me such a question?你怎么敢问我这样的问题？
How dare you say I am a liar?你竟怎么敢说我是个撒谎的人？
Dare you ask him?你敢问他吗？
How dare he take my bicycle without even asking?他怎么敢骑走我的自行车也不说一声？
Dare you do it?I darent do it.你敢这样做吗？我不敢。
Dont you dare touch that vase!不准碰那只花瓶!
Do you dare tell him?I dont dare tell him.
Did you dare do that?No. I didnt dare do that.
I wonder if she dared come home.不知她敢不敢回家。
I dare say the Trustees would give Adrian leave.我猜测董事们会给亚得里安假的。
I dare say I overdo it. But you go to the other extreme.或许我做得过分，但你却走了另一个极端。
I dare say he will come.可能他会来。
I dare say your sympathy is with him.我猜想你是同情他的。
Youre tired I dare say.或许你累了。
I did not dare to move.我不敢动。
Nobody would dare to ask.没人敢问。
He had never dared to ask her to go anywhere with him.他从来不敢要求她陪他到任何地方。
She dared to walk the tightrope without a net.她敢于不用安全网踩钢丝。
He dares to accuse me of dishonesty.他竟敢说我不老实。
He dares to behave like that in my house.他竟敢在我家里这样做。
Do you dare to suggest that I am capable of such an act?你竟敢说我能做出这样的事？
I sat at the back never daring to speak.我坐在后面，从不敢吭声。
Sally is the only person in our class who dares to answer our teacher back.
莎丽是我们班上唯一敢和老师顶嘴的人。
They do not dare to show their faces.他们不敢露面。
He does not dare to answer.他不敢回答。
I have never dared to disturb him.我从来不敢打扰他。
He will dare any danger.他敢于面对任何危险。
He dared the anger of her family.他敢于面对她家人的愤怒。
The actress dared a new way of playing that famous character.那位女演员敢于尝试以一个新方式来扮演这个著名角色。
I dared him to fight.我要求和他打一架。
He dared me to jump over the stream.他问我敢不敢跳过那条小溪。
I dare you to jump off that wall.我看你敢不敢从墙上跳下来。
He is able to swim can swim long distances.他能游很远距离。
Im not able to cant explain this.我不能解释这个问题。
He was able to could speak five languages.他能讲五种语言。
Ali wasnt able to couldnt find a job.阿里没能找到工作。
I shant be able to come on January 1.一月一日我不能来。
I havent been able to get in touch with her.我一直未能和她联系上。
She had been able to send money home regularly to maintain the family.她一直能定期寄钱回家维持家人的生活。
He wasnt sure whether he would be able to get back in time.他不能肯定他是否能准时回来。
I ought to be able to live on my salary.我应当可以靠薪水生活。
You might be able to persuade him.你可能能够说服他。
She should be able to give us a good answer.她应当可以给我们一个令人满意的答复。
He seemed able to put complicated thought in simple words.他似乎能用简单的词表达复杂的思想。
I should like to be able to read.我希望能看书。
He said he so much regretted not being able to swim.他说他对不会游泳感到非常遗憾。
She grasped my hand not being able to say anything.她抓住我的手，一句话也说不出来。
We must help them.我们必须帮助他们。
You must come with us.你一定要和我们一道去。
We have to go to a meeting now.我们现在得去开一个会。
He said he had to see me about something important.他说他得见我谈一件重要的事。
I had to go to hospital.我得去医院。
My eyesight isnt very good. I have to wear glasses for reading.我的视力不太好，我看书不得不带眼镜。
She doesnt have to work on Saturdays.星期六她不需去工作。
You dont have to worry.你不必忧虑。
I had to go to the bank yesterday.我昨天得去银行。
We failed to catch the bus. We had to walk home.我们没赶上车，只好步行回家。
I shall have to help him as much as I can.我将不得不尽量帮助他。
One of them will have to go either Jim or Nora.他们中间得有一个人走，不是吉姆就是诺拉。
If it hadnt been for her support he would have had to leave.如果不是她支持，他就不得不离职了。
These last two days I have had to take a rest.最近两天我不得不休息一下。
A former food exporter Zaire was having to import food.扎伊尔过去是粮食出口国，现在却不得不进口粮食了。
He may have to cancel his plan.他可能不得不取消他的计划。
They might have to ask his permission to do this.他们这样做可能不得不征求他的同意。
First Id have to get my fathers consent.首先我必须得到父亲的同意。
All kinds of difficulties have to be overcome.有种种困难需要克服。
Other problems also had to be faced.还有其他问题必须面对。
Itll have to be done all over again.这件事得从头再做一遍。
I shall have to be going.我得走了。
We had to be doing something.我们不能不有所作为。
What do I have to do to get a licence?我要怎样做才能领到驾驶证？
Why did you have to go there?你为什么不得不去那里？
Does she have to attend the ceremony?她必须参加仪式吗？
You dont have to get up so early.你不必这么早起来。
She doesnt have to stay up so late.她不必熬到这么深夜。
I didnt have to answer all those letters.我不必回答所有这些信。
Ive got to be off now.我现在得走了。
The child has got to have an operation.这孩子得动手术。
Thats youve got to do.这是你不能不做的。
Its the one thing youve got to be careful about.这是你必须小心处理的一件事。
Sophia has got to be compensated.索菲娅必须得到补偿。
Have you got to get yourself involved with all this?你有必要卷进这一切吗？
Id better stop smoking.我最好戒烟。
Youd better get some sleep.你最好去睡一会儿。
Wed better be off.我们最好就走。
Id better not disturb him.我最好别去打扰他。
What had we better do?我们最好怎么办？
Hadnt you better go with her?你是不是最好和她一道去？
You had much better have the thing out at once.你最好马上把事情谈清楚。
I think Id better be going.我想我最好还是马上走。
Youd better be getting your clothes ready.你最好马上把衣服准备好。
You better stop arguing.你们最好不要争论了。
Better not wait for them.最好别等他们了。
Better get his file then.最好把他的档案取来。
I suppose I had best go to Oxford after that.我想在那之后我最好去牛津。
I thought I had best have your opinion first.我想最好先听你的意见。
You had best get home before midnight.你最好在午夜之前回到家里。
I have not decided as to what papers it had best be sent to.我还没决定它最好寄到哪家报纸。
We had best be going.我们最好现在就走。
I used to play tennis a lot but I dont play very often now.我过去常常打网球，但现在不常打了。
Diana used to travel a lot. These days she doesnt go away so often.戴安娜过去经常旅游。最近她不常出门了。
We used to live in a small village but now we live in London.我们过去是住在一个小村子里的，但现在我们住在伦敦。
He used to be devoted to her.他过去是很爱她的。
There used to be four cinemas in the town now there is only one.过去这座城市有四家电影院。现在只有一家了。
This building is now a furniture shop. It used to be a cinema.这座建筑物现在是一家家具店。过去它是一座电影院。
Did you use to eat a lot of sweets when you were a child?你小时候吃很多糖吗？
Did you used to play football?你过去踢足球吗？
Didnt you use d to live near me?你过去不是住得离我很近的吗？
You used to smoke a pipe didnt you?你过去是抽烟斗的，是吧？
Didnt there use d to be a church at the corner of the street?街拐角处过去不是有一座教堂吗？
I didnt use to have my own room.我过去不是一个人住一间房的。
I didnt use to go to the beach.我过去不常去海边。
We didnt use to like him.我们过去是不喜欢他的。
Used you to know them?你过去认识他们吗？
She used not to be so forgetful.她过去不是那样爱忘事的。
不带to的不定式和动词原形相同，也被称作bare infinitive光秃不定式。但在大多数情况下不定式都是带to的，因此，说不定式时通常都指带to的不定式。如果不带to则特别加以说明。
You ought to know that.你应当知道这一点。
To talk to him is to talk to the wall.和他讲话是对牛弹琴。
What are you trying to do?你想干什么？
I wish you to be happy.我希望你快乐。
Do you have anything to declare?你有什么东西要申报吗？
They went to West Africa to see the wild animals.他们到西非去看野生动物。
Marys task is to set the table.玛丽的任务是摆桌子。
I asked him to tell me his name.我让他告诉我他的名字。
Id prefer to go by bike.我宁愿骑自行车去。
不定式加上它的宾语或状语构成不定式短语infinitive phrase，但为了省事，下面谈到不定式时都包括不定式短语。
It is foolish for him to be selfish.他如此自私很愚蠢。
You should see a doctor.你应当去看医生。
You mustnt forget your appointment.你不要忘记你的约会。
What can we do now?现在我们能怎么办呢？
Might it rain tonight?今晚会下雨吗？
Carlos may visit us tonight.卡洛斯今晚可能来看我们。
You neednt worry.你不必发愁。
How dare you say such a thing?你怎么敢说这样的话？
Youd better call a taxi.你最好叫一辆出租车.
Could you give me a lift?你可否让我搭你的车？
You ought to think everything over carefully.你应当把一切想清楚。
Will you fill in this form?你把这张表填一填好吗？
Shall we meet again tonight?咱们今晚要不要再碰碰头？
Would you tell me the way to the zoo?你能否告诉我动物园怎样去？
We wont stay there for long.在那里我们不会待太久。
Ill be with you in a minute.我一会儿就来陪你。
I should like to talk to her.我愿意和她谈谈。
Where are you going to stay tonight?你今晚准备在哪里住？
How are you to carry out the plan?你将怎样执行这项计划？
I wont be able to come.我将不能来。
We have to be there by nine.我们得在九点前到达那里。
Weve got to be cautious.我们不得不小心谨慎。
He used to work there.他过去是在那里工作的。
She is due to arrive at 10:30.她定于十点半到。
We are just about to complete the project.我们就要完成这项工程了。
He happened to be out.他恰好不在家。
How did you get to know him?你怎么认识他的？
She appeared to know everything.她似乎什么都知道。
He seems to have a high opinion of her.他似乎对她印象很好。
He is bound to win the tennis match.网球赛他准会获胜。
Youre sure to regret one day.你准有一天会后悔。
Youre certain to be happy with her.你和她在一起一定很快乐。
They are likely to veto the proposal.他们很可能否决这项提案。
He is unlikely to succeed.他不大可能成功。
John is apt to be careless.约翰常常粗心大意。
He is said to know many languages.据说他懂好几种外语。
This is believed to be their policy.据信这是他们的政策。
He was thought to be a spy.他被认为是一名间谍。
She was considered to lack tact.她被认为不够圆滑。
He is known to be honest.大家都知道他很老实。
Intelligence is assumed to be important.智力被认为是很重要的。
You are not supposed to act like that.你不应当那样行事。
The strike is expected to end soon.罢工估计不久将结束。
A girl is reported to be missing.据报道一个女孩失踪了。
You ought to be praised for what youve done.你应为你的行为受到赞扬。
The box has to be handled with care.这盒东西要轻拿轻放。
The book was due to be published in June.这书定于六月出版。
He is going to be sent to work in Australia.他将被派到澳洲去工作。
aShe seemed to have forgotten the whole thing.她似乎把整个这件事都忘掉了。
He happened to have heard of the book.他碰巧听人说起过这本书。
You ought to have thought of it.你应当想到这一点的。
You are supposed to have finished by now.你现在应当已经干完了。
bHe seemed to be sleeping.他似乎在睡觉。
He happened to be working in the next room.他恰好在隔壁屋里工作。
You ought to be training now.你现在应当在锻炼。
What is she supposed to be doing?她现在应该在做什么呢？
关于不带to的不定式的各种形式，可参阅第117122节。
To accept their offer would be foolish.接受他们的帮助是愚蠢的。
To raise wages means increasing purchasing power.提高工资意味着增加购买力。
To see is to believe.眼见为实。
To ignore this would be a mistake.忽略这一点是错误的。
To err is human to forgive divine.犯错误是人之常情，宽恕才难能可贵。
To know something about English is one thing; to know English is quite another.懂一点英语是一回事；掌握英语完全是另一回事。
Its important to know your own limitations.知道自己的局限性是重要的。
Its good to be here.在这里很好。
It would be foolish not to accept their offer.不接受他们的帮助是愚蠢的。
Its impossible not to offend her.要不得罪她是不可能的。
It was silly to believe him.相信他的话是愚蠢的。
It isnt right to gossip about others.说别人的闲话是不对的。
It is nice not to be dependent on others.不依靠别人是好的。
Its hard to say whether you are correct.你是否正确很难说。
It is not hard for one to do a bit of good.一个人做点好事并不难。
It wont be easy for Tom to find a new job.汤姆找到新工作不会容易。
It would be best for you to write to him.最好由你给他写信。
It isnt right for people to marry for money.人们为钱而结婚是不对的。
What time would it be convenient for me to come again?我什么时候再来比较方便？
It would be wrong for us not to help them.我们不帮助他们是不对的。
It was kind of her She was kind to help us.难得她好心帮助我们。
It was silly of you to believe him. Youre silly to你相信他是愚蠢的。
It was selfish of him not to contribute anything.他很自私什么也不捐。
It was annoying of John to lose my book.约翰把我的书丢了令人生气。
It was generous of you to contribute so much.你真大方捐了这么多钱。
It was funny of Sam to do that.萨姆这样做是很奇怪的。
Its unfair of him to criticize me.他批评我是不公平的。
Its a pity to leave so early.这么早走太遗憾。
It was his duty to attend to the matter.处理这事是他的职责。
It has been a privilege to work with you.和你们在一起工作是很愉快的事。
It was not his habit to ask people for things.他没有向别人要东西的习惯。
Its fun to be here.在这里很好玩。
It was a great honour to receive the award.得到这个奖是很荣幸的事。
Its a shame to behave like that.这样的行为是很可耻的。
It has been his dream to travel round the world.做环球旅行一直是他的梦想。
Its their wish to succeed.他们希望成功。
Its been a pleasure to be with you.和你在一起很愉快。
It took me a year to save up for a new coat.我用了一年时间才省出钱买一件新大衣。
How long did it take you to get here?你到这里来花了多少时间？
It takes two to make a quarrel.两个人才吵得起来。
It takes a lot of more guts for a woman to resign than for a man.女人辞去工作比男人需要更大勇气。
It costs 150 a week to keep someone in prison.监禁一个人每周要花150英镑。
It takes an exceptional parent to cope with a child like that.需要一个罕有的父母才能对付这样一个孩子。
It always pleased him to think of his father.想到他父亲他总是很高兴。
It interests me to hear what you have been buying.听到你所买的这些东西我感到很有趣。
It is against my principles to work with them.和他们一道工作是违反我的原则的。
It is not within my power to answer the question.我没有能力回答这个问题。
It was quite beyond me to help them.我完全没有能力帮助他们。
It would be beneath me to notice it.这事我不屑一理。
Its just like her to think of others before thinking of herself.她就是这个样子，总是先想到别人后想到自己。
It makes me sick to think about it.想到这事就让我恶心。
It felt pleasant to be going to work.去上班感觉很愉快。
It would look rude to refuse their invitation.拒绝他们的邀请会显得粗鲁无礼。
It was considered impossible for them to fail.认为他们失败是不可能的。
Its strange to be sleeping in this house again.再次睡在这个房子里是很奇怪的。
Its a new experience for her to be travelling by plane.坐飞机对她是一个新经历。
What a mistake it is to have come here.来到这里是一个多么大的错误。
It would have been amusing to have gone to the exhibition.要是去参观了那个展览会是会很有意思的。
We decided to go home by bus.我们决定坐公共汽车回家。
I promised not to be late.我答应不会迟到。
He agreed to lend them some money.他同意借给他们一些钱。
There she learnt to drive.在那里她学会开车。
She loves to talk about it.她喜欢谈这件事。
I waved to her but failed to attract her attention.我向她挥手，但没引起她注意。
He pretended not to see me.他假装没看见我。
We are planning to have a party next week.我们准备下星期开一次晚会。
The teacher offered to help.教师主动提出帮忙。
I asked to see the manager.我要求见经理。
Dont forget to give my love to Jacqueline.别忘了向杰奎琳问好。
Remember to lock the door.记得锁门。
They longed to go back to Ireland.他们渴望返回爱尔兰。
She wishes to ask a favour of you.她想请你帮个忙。
He vowed to fight for their freedom.他发誓要为他们的自由而奋斗。
He claimed to be a genius.他自称是一个天才。
I intend to say nothing for the present.我暂时不打算说话。
I cant afford to buy a car.我买不起汽车。
He hesitated to disagree with her.他犹疑着不愿表示不同意她的意见。
We would like to see that film.我们愿意去看那部电影。
Try to be back by two wont you?设法两点之前回来，好吗？
I cant bear to see people suffering.我不忍心看别人受苦。
She wouldnt dare to tell him.她不敢告诉他。
They threatened to call the police.他们威胁说要去叫警察。
She hoped to find a job soon.她希望不久能找到工作。
They arranged to meet at 8 oclock.他们安排好八点碰头。
He managed to escape to South America.他成功地逃到南美洲。
He refused to comply with his fathers wishes.他拒不顺从他父亲的意愿。
Harry aims to become a computer expert.哈利有志成为一位电脑专家。
Shelley attempted to get in touch with them.雪莱企图和他们联系上。
She deserved to win because she was the best.她有资格获胜，因为她是最优秀的。
They prepared to intervene.他们准备干预。
They pledged to support us.他们保证支持我们。
All this has helped to raise farm yields.这一切帮助提高了农业产量。
aThey deserved to be congratulated.他们值得祝贺。
She wanted to be reassured.她想有人向她保证。
She refused to be photographed.她不让人给她拍照。
So I asked to be relieved of my job.因此我请求解除我的职务。
He did not care to be disturbed.他不愿受人打扰。
The old man declined to be helped across the street.老人婉谢别人送他过街。
Did it need to be done so soon?这事需要这么快就做吗？
I dont wish to be disturbed in my work.我工作时不希望别人打扰我。
bThey claimed to have shot down 22 planes.他们声称打下了22架飞机。
I hope to have finished the work by now.我希望已完成这项工作。
When do you expect to have finished?你预期什么时候能完成？
He hated to have quarrelled with you.他和你吵了架很难受。
I should like to have seen it but it wasnt possible.我本想事前看到的但这不可能。
We intended to have gone to Wales.我们本来打算到威尔士去的。
She pretended not to have seen him.她假装没看见他。
I remember to have seen him do it.我记得曾看见他这样做。
Id like to be flying over the Alps and looking down at the mountains.我愿飞越阿尔卑斯山俯瞰下面的群山。
I hope to be staying with you.我希望和你住在一起。
I ask him what to do.我问他该怎么办。
I shall teach you how to cook.我将教你怎样做饭。
I must think what to do.我必须考虑怎么办。
They waited and wondered what to do.他们等候着，不知怎么办好。
How can I tell which button to press?我怎么知道该按哪个电钮？
We discussed what to do and where we should go.我们讨论了该怎么办及到哪里去。
You ought to learn how to be patient.你应学会有耐心。
He forgot which way to go.他忘了该向哪边走了。
She doesnt understand how to look after you.她不知道该怎样照顾你。
I discovered how to start the engine.我发现了该怎样开动这台发动机。
Please explain to me where to begin and how to do it.请给我解释该从哪里开始及该怎么做。
I cant decide whom to invite.我不能决定该邀请谁。
If you watch carefully you will see how to do it.如果你仔细瞧你会看出该怎样做。
Ive been wondering whether to retire.我一直犹豫是否要退休。
He didnt know whether to feel glad or sorry at his dismissal.他不知道他被解雇应当高兴还是难过。
I debated whether to accept the job.我考虑是否接受这份工作。
He hasnt decided whether to go there by train or by plane.他还没决定是坐火车去还是坐飞机去。
I didnt know whether to laugh or cry about it.我对此是啼笑皆非。
I found a book on how to avoid having a heart attack.我找到一本书谈如何避免心脏病复发。
She was worried about how to fill her leisure time.她为如何打发她的闲暇时间而发愁。
Then there is the problem of what to tell the child.然后就是向孩子讲什么的问题。
I have long had it in mind to answer your letter.好久以来我一直想回你的信。
She took it on herself to apologize for me.她亲自出面替我道歉。
My doctor advised me to see a neurologist.我的医生劝我去看一位精神病专家。
He wished me to call upon you.他希望我来拜访你。
Cyril preferred her not to come.希列尔宁愿她不来。
He ordered me to fetch the books.他命我去把书取来。
Who taught you to drive?谁教你开车的？
Ill get someone to do it for you.我去找人帮你做这事。
They expected him to be late.他们预期他会迟到。
Would you like me to go now?你现在愿意让我去了吗？
He doesnt want anybody to know it.他不愿意任何人知道这事。
Can you remind me to phone her tomorrow?你明天能否提醒我给她打电话？
He warned me not to touch it.他警告我不要触碰它。
We persuaded him to come with us.我们劝说好他和我们一道去。
She asked her friends to help her.她请她的朋友们帮助她。
They encouraged her to try.他们鼓励她试试。
She convinced me to enroll in these classes.她说服我参加这些班学习。
My budget forced me to buy a used VCR.我的钱紧只好买了一台旧录像机。
I invited all our friends to attend the ceremony.我邀请了我们所有的朋友来参加这个仪式。
They pledged themselves to fulfil the promise.他们保证遵守诺言。
He commanded me to stay there.他命令我留在那里。
He urged me to write a play about Ireland.他敦促我写一个关于爱尔兰的剧本。
She begged him to remain at home.她恳求他留在家里。
Their father forbade them to go there.他们的父亲禁止他们到那里去。
He instructed her to remain where she was.他指示她留在原处。
We requested him to put a stop to such activities.我们请求他制止这种活动。
They required her to keep silent.他们要求她保持沉默。
What caused him to change his mind?什么使他改变主意的？
He proved himself to be a coward.他证明自己是懦夫。
They reckon him to be the best worker.他们认为他是最优秀的工人。
His new book has shown him to be a firstrate novelist.这本新书表明他是一流的小说家。
She was told to stay at home.他们让她留在家里。
The crew was ordered to man the lifeboats.船员们受命驾驶救生艇。
They are expected to work late if need be.如果必要可能希望他们干到比较晚。
He was warned not to swim there.有人警告他不要在那里游泳。
Visitors are requested not to touch the paintings.参观人士请勿触摸画作。
He was not allowed to eat meat.不允许他吃肉。
She was compelled by illness to give up her studies.她因病被迫辍学。
He was obliged to abandon that idea.他被迫放弃了这个想法。
They were not permitted to form trade unions.他们不被允许组织工会。
I was directed to cut the budget.我得到指示要削减预算。
He is known to be honest.人们都知道他是诚实的。
He was reckoned to be a very good teacher.他被认为是一位很好的教师。
aThe project is estimated to have cost 100000.这项工程估计花费了十万英镑。
He was known to have taken money from the Germans.人们都知道他拿过德国人的钱。
They are believed to have discussed this problem.据信他们曾讨论过这个问题。
He is said to have declared that Voltaire was his God.据说他曾宣布伏尔泰是他的上帝。
He is rumoured to have escaped to Dublin.谣传他逃到都柏林去了。
bThousands were reported to be working as slaves there.据报道数以千计的人在那里做奴隶。
Miss White is supposed to be coming with me.怀特小姐估计将和我一道去。
He is thought to be hiding in the woods.人们认为他躲在林子里。
He is believed to be going to the U.S.A.据信他正在前往美国。
An officer shouted to us to stop all the noise.一个军官嚷着叫我们安静下来。
I pleaded with him to tell me.我恳求他告诉我。
I longed for him to stay.我渴望他留下。
We can count on them to support us.我们可以指望得到他们的支持。
You can rely on us to help you.你可以依靠我们帮助你。
You may depend on me to be there early.你放心，我会早到的。
They prevailed upon her to stay there.他们劝说她在那里留下。
I wouldnt care for that man to be my doctor.我不愿意让那个人当我的医生。
We are waiting for the rain to stop.我们在等候雨停。
He saw them go out.他看见他们出去的。
I didnt hear him come in.我没有听见他进来。
Did you notice anyone go into the house?你注没注意到有人进入这所房子？
She felt someone touch her on the shoulder.她感觉有人碰她的肩膀。
Aziz watched him go with amazement.阿齐思惊讶地望着他走掉。
What made you think like that?是什么使你这样想的？
We cant let this go on.我们不能让这事继续下去了。
Dont forget to have him come.别忘了让他来。
He let it be known he was about to resign.他让人知道他即将辞职。
The man was seen to enter the building.有人看见那男子走进大楼。
She was heard to make some remark to her husband.有人听见她和她丈夫说了一句话。
They were made to work long hours in the mine.他们被迫在矿里长时间工作。
He sat listening to her climb the stairs.他坐着听她爬上楼来。
Look at the boy running.瞧那男孩跑着。
Ill help you to solve the problem.我来帮助你解决这个问题。
I advised her where to stay.我帮她出主意在哪里住。
He will teach me how to run the farm.他将教我怎样管理农场。
He showed them how to cut the ball.他做给他们看怎样发球。
Ill tell you what to do.我来告诉你怎么办。
Did you ask her which to buy?你问没问她该买哪一个？
Grace found it difficult to speak.格雷丝感到很难讲话。
He thought it right to resign.他认为辞职是对的。
I dont think it worthwhile to go there.我认为到那里去不值得。
This made it hard for me to control myself.这使我难于控制自己。
He deemed it unwise to refuse the offer.他认为拒绝这帮助是不明智的。
He considered it his duty to go to the front.他认为上前线是他的责任。
I shall feel it my duty to change all that.我将感到有责任改变这一切。
He made it a rule to take part in physical labour.他规定自己应参加体力劳动。
There were many things to do.有很多事情要做。
Do you have time to help us?你有时间帮助我们吗？
It is a device to test lung function.这是一台测试肺功能的装置。
These are the steps to follow.这些是应遵循的步骤。
They had nothing to eat.他们没有东西吃。
It seemed such a terrible thing to happen.发生这样的事似乎太可怕了。
Its a nice thing to have.这是一件值得拥有的东西。
It is a pleasant thing to remember.这是一件值得记住的愉快的事。
This is a foolish attitude to take.采取这样的态度是愚蠢的。
It was a sensible thing to do.做这样的事是明智的。
Would you like something to eat?你想吃点什么吗？
Have you got anything to do?你有什么事要做吗？
They gave him some money to buy food.他们给了他一点钱买食物。
I need a few days to think over your proposal.我需要几天时间来考虑你的建议。
Its difficult to find a place to park his car.不容易找到停他车的地方。
I need a spoon to eat this icecream with.我需要一只勺子来吃这个冰淇淋。
We were looking for somewhere to live.我们在找一个地方住。
I want somewhere to put it.我需要一个地方放它。
I made notes of the things to be mended.我记下了需要修补的东西。
There was a lot to be done.有很多事要做。
Hes dead. There is nothing to be done now.他死了。没有什么办法可想了。
The questions to be answered are on p. 42.应回答的问题在第42页。
Are you going to the banquet to be given at the embassy?你准备参加在大使馆举行的宴会吗？
It was the first such project to be designed by Chinese engineers.这是第一个由中国工程师设计的这类工程。
They need people to work in the factories.他们需要人在工厂工作。
He was the right man to go to Paris and negotiate.他是到巴黎谈判的适当人选。
She may be an ideal person to look after the children.她可能是照顾这些孩子的理想的人选。
He was just the man to cool their reforming zeal.他正是一个能使他们的改革热情冷却下来的人。
He was a brave man to do what he did.他是一个勇敢的人才能做出他做的事。
I was the first to recover.我是第一个恢复过来的人。
He is always the first to arrive and the last to leave.他总是第一个来最后一个走。
Miss Green was the next person to arrive.格林小姐是下一个到的人。
You are the second to make that mistake.你是第二个犯这错误的人。
He has no one to talk to.他没人和他谈话。
He is not a man to bow before difficulties.他不是一个向困难低头的人。
He was the second to be chosen.他是第二个被选上的人。
She was the first person to be awarded such a prize.她是第一个获得这种奖的人。
He was the last person to be asked to speak.他是最后一个被邀请发言的人。
She made a list of the people to be invited.她开了一个应邀请人的名单。
He was the only foreigner to be given such an honour.他是唯一被授予这种荣誉的外国人。
You have no right to do such a thing.你无权这样做。
Youve got to think out a way to explain it.你得想出一个办法来解释它。
I didnt have the courage to tell you.我没有勇气告诉你。
He succeeded in his efforts to overcome his weaknesses.他克服自己弱点的努力取得了成功。
We have no reason to disbelieve him.我们没有理由不相信他。
I havent had a chance to think yet.我还没有机会思考。
They did not seem to get an opportunity to object.他们似乎找不到机会来反对。
We have no need to be afraid of them！我们没有必要害怕他们！
Were starting a movement to clean up the city.我们正在开展清洁这座城市的运动。
They began a campaign to get more members for the society.他们开始了一场吸收新会员的运动。
I have no wish to influence you.我不想影响你。
Business is showing a tendency to improve.生意显示出改善的倾向。
It was time for them to be off.他们该走了。
There may be an opportunity for you to see the premier.你可能有机会见到总理。
There is no reason for us to doubt his words.我们没有理由怀疑他的话。
Its a good chance for you to go.这是你去的好机会。
He fulfilled his promise to buy his son a horse.他履行了给儿子买一匹马的诺言。
The decision to go was not an easy one to make.去的决心并不容易下。
He made an attempt to take a medical degree.他作了一次取得医学学位的努力。
He told her of his plan to write a novel.他和她谈到写小说的计划。
Prices have an inclination to go up.物价有上涨趋势。
Hardy had the ability to see this.哈代有能力看到这一点。
Her anxiety to go was obvious.她急于去是很明显的。
She was distressed to see his eagerness to go away.看到他急于走她很难过。
They did not show much willingness to help.他们没表现出太多帮助的意愿。
You can be sure of their readiness to help.你可以肯定他们愿意帮忙。
Perhaps in years to come we shall meet again.或许在未来岁月中我们还会再见。
In the lectures to follow she will tell us more about Africa.在以后的报告中，她将给我们谈更多非洲的情况。
Are you going to the dance to take place on Friday?你准备参加星期五举行的舞会吗？
I have to go to a lecture to be given tonight in the library.我得去参加今晚在图书馆举行的讲座。
Now he had no pretext on which to prolong his stay.现在他已没有继续留下去的借口。
She must have time in which to grow calm.她必须有冷静下来的时间。
Allow me one minute in which to change my costumes.给我一点时间来卸装。
She had some money in the bank with which to help her mother.她银行里有些钱用来帮助她的母亲。
He only had long nights in which to study.他只有茫茫长夜可用来学习。
Soon came the order to start the general attack.很快下达了发起总攻的命令。
We got no instructions to leave the city.我们没接到离开这座城市的指示。
aShe is eager to succeed.她亟望成功。
They were willing to follow her example.他们愿意学她的榜样。
He is unwilling to answer their questions.他不愿意回答他们的问题。
I was reluctant to involve myself in the fight.我不太愿意卷入这场斗争。
She was anxious not to disturb anyone.她亟想不打扰任何人。
I was disappointed not to find her at home.发现她不在家我很失望。
He was prepared to face the consequences.他准备面对一切后果。
He was shocked to hear her talking like that.听到她这样讲话他感到震惊。
He is always ready to help his friends.他总是乐于帮助他的朋友。
He was quick to notice the mistake.他很快注意到这个错误。
He was slow to make up his mind.他迟迟不能拿定主意。
I was curious to hear what he would say.我很想听听他会说什么。
Hes not fit to be a member of this club.他不适合加入这个俱乐部。
He was free to choose his own course.他有自由选择自己的道路。
Hes keen to see his birthplace again.他很想重见他的出生地。
bShe was kind to help us.难得她好心帮助我们。
You were right to do what you did.你这样做是对的。
I was wrong to quarrel with them.我和他们争吵是不对的。
You were foolish to believe what he said.你相信他的话太傻了。
He is not worthy to talk to you.他不配和你讲话。
You are fortunate to have such a friend.你很幸运有这样的朋友。
She is prompt to voice her criticism.她很快说出自己的意见。
He was generous to give you so much money.他真大方给你这么多钱。
cHe is easy to get on with.他很容易相处。
She was difficult to understand at times.有时候她很不容易理解。
She is amusing to be with.和她在一起很有意思。
That man is hard to please.让那人高兴很不容易。
Your writing is impossible to read.你的书法没法认。
The food was not fit to eat.这种食品不适合吃。
My car is reluctant to start in cold weather.我的车天冷时不好发动。
Polyester is easy to iron.涤纶容易熨烫。
Her sobs were pitiful to hear.她的哀泣听起来十分可怜。
Do you think the water is safe to drink?你认为这水喝起来安全吗?
The question is difficult to answer.这问题很难回答。
The ambulance was ready to go.救护车已准备好出发。
aSeveral women came over to help her.几个妇女过来帮她的忙。
The soldier stopped to talk to us.那个士兵停下来和我们说话。
They strolled down the path to admire the garden.他们顺小路蹓哒过去去欣赏花园。
The children sleep together to keep warm.孩子们睡在一起取暖。
I went to live in France to learn French.我到法国去居住学习法语。
Lets go to the pool to have a swim.咱们到游泳池去游一会儿泳。
bI rejoice to hear that you are well again.我很高兴听到你已经痊愈。
We jumped with joy to hear the news.听到这消息我们都高兴地跳了起来。
cThe curtain parted to reveal a market scene.帷幕拉开，出现一个集市的场面。
We came home to find our garden neat and tidy.我们回到家里发现花园整整齐齐。
She lived to be 100.她活到了一百岁。
He left never to return.他走了再也没有回来。
She went to live in Spain in order to learn Spanish.她到西班牙住以学习西班牙语。
In order to follow the buffalo the Indians often had to move their camps.为了追逐野牛，印第安人常常迁移他们的帐篷。
We keep the window shut in order not to let the flies in.我们把窗子关着以免苍蝇进来。
We picked apples so as to make a pie.我们摘了苹果来做果馅饼。
The test questions are kept secret so as to prevent cheating.考题都保密以防作弊。
Go in quietly so as not to wake the baby.悄悄地进去以免惊醒宝宝。
Who could be so mean as to do a thing like that?谁这样缺德竟做出这样的事？
Ruth wouldnt be so careless as to forget to lock the door.露丝不会粗心到忘了锁门。
Im not such a fool as to put it in writing.我没傻到把它写下来。
Would you be so kind as to let my people know？可否劳驾通知我家里人？
Will you be so kind as to answer a few questions？可否劳驾回答几个问题？
Perhaps youll be so kind as to take chair.或许你能屈驾来主持会议。
Would you be so good as to let me know as soon as possible?可否劳驾尽快通知我？
Would you be so good as to look after her？可否劳驾照顾一下她？
Will you be kind enough to shut the door?可否劳驾把门关上？
Would you be kind enough to do that for us?你可否劳驾帮我们办这件事？
Mr. Hood has been kind enough to overlook it.胡德先生好心不计较这个。
Please be good enough to close the door.劳驾关门。
Will you be good enough to hold my bag?可否劳驾帮我把包拿着？
It was too late to do anything now.现在要做什么已为时太晚。
Im too tired to stay up longer.我太累了，不能再不睡了。
She was not strong enough to travel.她身子太弱不能旅行。
We were fortunate enough to get an empty car.我们很幸运找到一辆空车。
He is not strong enough to lift the box.他力气不够大提不起这个箱子。
aHe was ashamed to be seen doing this kind of work.被人看到干这种工作他感到羞愧。
He returned after the war only to be told that his wife had left him.他战后回来，人家告诉他他妻子已离开他了。
She left home never to be seen again.她离开了家，再也没有人见到过她。
She was sent to England so as to be educated.她被送到英国去受教育。
Rules were made to be broken.定了规则就准备有人违反。
bI amSorry to have missed you.抱歉和你错过了。
I am ashamed to have mentioned it.我很惭愧提到了这件事。
Youre far too clever to have done that.你太聪明了不会这样做。
Im pleased to have been given this opportunity.给了我这次机会我很高兴。
So pleased to have made your acquaintance.认识了你很高兴。
cHe was happy to be coming home.就要回家了他感到高兴。
Are you glad to be going back to school?返回学校你感到高兴吗？
Im quite pleased to be leaving this country.就要离开这个国家我很高兴。
Im quite willing for you to join us.我很愿意你参加我们的活动。
She was anxious for her daughter to win the competition.她亟愿她女儿比赛获胜。
The film was good enough for me to watch five times.这电影好到我愿意看五遍。
Is it ripe enough for us to eat?它熟到我们能吃吗？
The baby is too much for her to cope with.孩子太麻烦她难以对付。
To tell you the truth Ive never heard of the book.说真的，我从来没听说过这本书。
To be honest I dont quite like the dish.说老实话，我不太喜欢这个菜。
To begin with its too cold. Besides weve no money.首先，天气太冷，再者，我们也没有钱。
To be frank with you I like you and should be glad to give you any help I can.跟你坦率地讲，我喜欢你，愿意给你任何力所能及的帮助。
Hes a nice person to be sure.他肯定是一个好人。
To cut a long story short he beat them one by one.长话短说，他把他们一个个地打败了。
This is inconsistency to say the least.说得轻些，这也是前后不一致。
Youve wasted eight hours time to say nothing of the material.你浪费了八个钟头的时间，还不说材料。
这种状语不修饰谓语，而说明说话人的想法，有人称之为独立成分。
The first step is to check the victims breathing.第一步是检查受害人的呼吸。
My inclination is to agree.我倾向于同意。
This wall is to keep people out of the garden.这堵墙为的是不让人到花园里来。
The most important purpose of first aid is to save someones life.急救最重要的目的是救人性命。
Her ambition was to be a cinema actress.她的目标是当电影演员。
His aim is to do two years work in one.他的目标是一年干两年的工作。
Our first task here is to build a wall.我们在这里的第一项任务是建一座墙。
His goal is to be a doctor.他的目标是当医生。
My only wish is to do what is best for you.我唯一的意愿是做对你最有益的事。
Whats that for?Its to make holes in metal.那是干什么的？是给金属打孔的。
The best thing she ever did was to buy that house.她干的最好的一件事就是买了那所房子。
Your mistake was to write that letter.你的错误是写了那封信。
The thing is to get ahead.关键是要取得进展。
The problem is to find the right place quickly.问题是迅速找到适当的地点。
The point is to win at any cost.要紧的是要不惜一切代价取得胜利。
The only thing was to take the offensive.唯一的办法是采取攻势。
All you have to do is to listen.你只需倾听别人的意见。
What you first do is to mix the egg with flour.你先得把鸡蛋和面粉和好。
What you have to do is to fill in the questionaire.你要做的是把问卷填好。
All I did was to press the button.我只是按了一下按钮。
The house is to be let to let.房子出租。
Who is to be blamed to blame?该怨谁呀？
All this is to be sold.所有这些都供出售。
Hes only to be pitied.他只是让人可怜。
Youre to be admired.你应受到景仰。
You dont have to go with us if you dont want to.如果你不想跟我们去，可以不去。
Would you like to come to the show?Id love to.你想来看表演吗？想来。
Dont be lateIll try not to.不要来晚了。我尽量不来晚。
Reporting the news is their job.报道新闻是他们的任务。
His job is collecting folk songs.他的任务是收集民歌。
Suddenly everybody stopped talking.突然大家都停止谈话了。
She is interested in acting.她对演戏有兴趣。
Who won the swimming competition?游泳比赛谁获胜？
No smoking！禁止吸烟！
No parking.禁止泊车。
aShe is fond of collecting stamps.她喜欢集邮。
bExcuse me for coming late.对不起我来晚了。
He doesnt like her Janes talking that way.他不喜欢她简这样谈话。
aDickens often gave readings of his work.狄更斯常常朗读自己的作品。
bWho did the recording?谁录的音？
cI always enjoy a little light reading.我总喜欢读点轻松的东西。
He kept his savings in the bank.他把自己的积蓄存在银行里。
She tore the wrappings off the present.她把礼物的包装纸撕掉。
Watching them was a thrilling experience.观看它们是一种奇妙的感受。
Making films of any length was very difficult.那时拍摄任何长度的电影都是困难的。
Walking in step is not easy.要走齐是不容易的。
Washing his car seems to be his main hobby.洗他的车似乎是他主要的爱好。
To her jogging isnt much fun.对她来说慢跑没什么意思。
Finding work is difficult these days.现今找工作可不容易。
Windsurfing is popular.冲浪很流行。
Presenting an interesting story is important.提供一个有趣的故事很重要。
Entertaining audiences is the purpose of movies.娱乐观众是电影的目的。
Smoking may cause cancer.吸烟可能引起癌症。
Whats all this arguing?这样争论干什么？
Is celebrating birthday universal?是不是到处都庆祝生日？
Decorating the rooms takes time.装饰这些房间要花时间。
Guessing whats in the box is hard.猜盒子里是什么东西是困难的。
aIts nice seeing her again.再次见到她很好。
Its difficult finding your way around here.在这一带认路是不容易的。
Do you think its worth while quarrelling with me?你认为和我吵值得吗？
I see that it is hopeless arguing about it.我看为此争论毫无用处。
Its terribly tiring working late like this.像这样干到这么晚非常累人。
It was pleasant and comfortable sitting here.坐在这里很愉快很舒服。
bIts no good complaining.抱怨没有用。
Its no use worrying about it.发愁没有用。
It was a waste of time reading that book.看那本书是浪费时间。
Its a tedious business attending so many meetings.参加这么多会真烦人。
Its been a lot of fun meeting you.见到了你很开心。
Its a wonder seeing you here.在这里见到你真是奇迹。
Its fun being taken to the zoo.被带去逛动物园很有意思。
Being lost can be a terrifying experience.迷路有时很可怕。
Your denying everything will get you nowhere.你否认一切将对你没有用。
Your going off in such a hurry is very risky.你这样匆忙离去十分冒险。
Their coming to help was a great encouragement to us.他们来支援对我们是很大的鼓舞。
Its a catastrophe their shutting all those factories.他们把那些工厂全关掉真是灾难。
It has been a great honour your coming to visit me.你来探访是我很大的荣幸。
It seems so strange your going like this.你这样走掉显得很奇怪。
It doesnt make any difference my being here.我在不在这里无所谓。
Jennys not having been trained as a dancer is her one regret.杰妮没受过舞蹈的专业训练是她感到遗憾的事。
Its no good him his apologizing now that the damage has been done.既然损害已经造成他道歉也没有用。
Theres no telling what will happen.很难说将要发生什么事。
There was no knowing how long he might be away.没法知道他可能会离开多久。
There was no arguing with Constance.没法和康士坦斯争论。
There was no mistaking his intentions this time.这次他的意图不可能看错。
Once you let him start talking there was no stopping him.一旦让他开始讲话，就没法止住他。
He is badtempered and selfish there is no denying it.他脾气暴躁为人自私，这是不容否认的。
The most common is commercial broadcasting.最普通的是商业广播。
One of her duties is typing letters.她的职责之一是打字。
Her hobby is growing roses.她的爱好是种植玫瑰。
His favourite pastime is playing chess.他最喜欢的消遣是下棋。
Her occupation is teaching.她的职业是教书。
Her job is raising pigs.她的工作是养猪。
Seeing is believing.眼见为实。
Their favourite amusement was killing pigeons.他们最喜欢的消遣是打鸽子。
My favourite sport is swimming.我最喜欢的运动是游泳。
I suggest doing it a different way.我建议以另一种方式做这事。
He decided to stop smoking.他决定戒烟。
I dont fancy going out this evening.我今晚不想出去了。
Have you finished cleaning the kitchen?你厨房打扫完了吗？
He tried to avoid answering their questions.他设法避免回答他们的问题。
Why have they delayed opening the new school?为什么他们迟迟不开办那所新学校？
I admit breaking the window.我承认窗子是我打破的。
I just missed burning my hand.我差点把手烫了。
Taking the job involves living abroad.接受这个工作得住在国外。
Try to imagine being on the moon.设法想象你是在月球上。
They risked losing everything.他们冒失去一切的危险。
You must practise speaking English more.你应更多地练习讲英语。
He denied working for them.他否认为他们工作。
She likes eating with chopsticks.她喜欢用筷子吃饭。
I prefer standing.我情愿站着。
I hate asking favours.我不喜欢找人帮忙。
He loves playing the piano.他喜欢弹钢琴。
I advise waiting a few more days.我建议再等几天。
She couldnt endure seeing animals cruelly treated.她不忍心看到动物受到虐待。
Theres no way to escape doing the work.没法逃避做这工作。
You shouldnt keep thinking about it.你不应老想着这事。
He loathed washing dishes.他讨厌洗盘子。
I wont wait if it means delaying a week.如果这意味着耽误一个礼拜，我就不等了。
Would you mind waiting a few minutes?你可否等几分钟？
I recalled seeing her at a banquet.我记起在一个宴会上碰到过她。
She couldnt resist buying one.她禁不住要买一个。
I cant understand neglecting children like that.我不能理解这样不管孩子。
He needs encouraging.他需要鼓励。
The gate requires wants mending.栅栏门需要修理。
aHe resented being having been accused.他受到指责很生气。
He hated being laughed at.他不喜欢被人笑话。
He narrowly missed being seriously injured.他差点受了重伤。
He narrowly escaped being drowned.他差点被淹死了。
bHe reported having met only a cyclist.他报告说只碰到一个骑自行车的人。
He denied having taken it.他否认拿了它。
She regrets having said it.她后悔说了这话。
She admitted having read the letter.她承认看过这封信。
I could not recall having heard anyone say that before.我不记得以前听过谁说这样的话。
I remember having heard you speak on that subject.我记得曾听见你谈过这个问题。
Excuse my opening your letter by mistake.原谅我不慎把你的信拆开。
I appreciate your helping me.我感谢你帮助了我。
Pardon my contradicting you.原谅我不同意你的意见。
Im sure he wouldnt mind your going.我肯定他不会介意你去。
Forgive my interrupting you.原谅我打断你的话。
I understand not wanting to discuss the matter.你不想谈这事我理解。
I advised his starting at once.我劝他马上动身。
A severe cold prevented his attending the meeting.重感冒使他未能来开会。
He kept postponing his coming.他不断推迟他的到来。
I dont think the children enjoy Johns teasing.我想孩子们不喜欢约翰捉弄他们。
The rain prevented me coming.下雨使我不能来。
Please excuse him not writing to you.请原谅他没给你写信。
Id better not catch doing that again.最好不要让我抓着你再这样干。
When are you going to start him working?你什么时候让他开始干？
I can not understand John making such a fuss.我不能理解约翰这样大惊小怪。
I cant imagine my mother approving.我不能想象我母亲也赞成。
Everyone burst out laughing.大家都哄堂大笑。
Hes given up smoking.他戒烟了。
Hed like to put off doing such an unpleasant task.他愿意推迟执行这件不愉快的任务。
They carried on building the house.他们继续盖房子。
He didnt want to end up going home alone.他不想最后一个人回家。
Why do you keep on smiling?你怎么老是笑？
Has it left off raining yet?雨停了吗？
I oughtnt to go on living this way.我不应当继续这样生活下去。
He has decided to cut out drinking.他决定戒酒。
The clock is hardly worth repairing.这台钟简直不值得修理。
Its worth thinking over.这值得仔细想想。
aSuddenly it started to rain.突然下起雨来。
Before long the study began to show result.不久这项研究就产生效果了。
This has ceased to interest me.这不再使我感兴趣。
bWe started working on the project in 1998.我们于1998年开始进行这项工程。
That year we began making the insecticide.那年我们开始生产这种杀虫剂。
The factory has ceased making bicycles.工厂已停止制造自行车。
He was beginning to miss her.他开始想念她了。
Its starting to rain.天开始下起雨来。
He stopped to talk to me.他停下来和我说话。
He insisted on seeing her home.他坚持送她回家。
He doesnt approve of gambling.他不赞成赌博。
They have decided against moving to London.他们已决定不搬到伦敦去。
I hope you will keep from doing anything rash.我希望你不要鲁莽行事。
They objected to leaving school.他们反对离开学校。
We looked forward to seeing him again.我们盼望再次见到他。
They were asked to take part in organizing these activities.他们被邀参加组织这些活动。
He resorts to lying whenever hes in trouble.出了问题他就撒谎。
At last he succeeded in performing his task.最后他成功地执行了他的任务。
I dont feel like drinking beer tonight.今晚我不想喝啤酒。
He persists in doing what he shouldnt.他老是做一些他不该做的事。
Theyre thinking of moving to America.他们想搬到美国去。
He dreamt of going to Europe.他渴望到欧洲去。
All of the reporters care about writing good articles.这些记者全都想写好文章。
His job consists of gathering information and writing articles.他的任务包括收集资料和写文章。
What do you aim at doing?你打算怎么办？
He worried about making mistakes.他担心犯错误。
Many people complain about not gathering accurate news.许多人抱怨搜集不到准确的消息。
She set about making tea.她张罗着沏茶。
She is interested in acting.她对演戏有兴趣。
Hes good at skiing.他善于滑雪。
I was afraid of waking him.我担心把他吵醒。
She was fond of reciting poetry.她喜欢朗诵诗。
He was keen on fishing.他喜欢垂钓。
He was bored with living in a small town.住在小城里他感到厌烦。
She was excited about moving to New York City.她要搬到纽约市感到很激动。
Youll be responsible for keeping the room tidy.你负责把房间保持整洁。
I was surprised at finding the house empty.发现房子里空无一人我感到惊讶。
I am sorry for giving you so much trouble.对不起给了你这么多麻烦。
He was concerned with getting through the agenda.他关心的是把议事日程进行到底。
Im very nervous about taking that exam.参加那个考试我很紧张。
He is proud of having a friend like you.有你这样一个朋友他感到骄傲。
Im tired of living abroad.我在国外已经住腻了。
He was sick of lying in bed.他在床上已经躺得厌烦了。
She was perfectly capable of taking care of herself.她完全有能力照顾自己。
He was used to having his own way.他率性而为已经成了习惯。
She was accustomed to traveling.她旅行已经习惯了。
He was reduced to begging for food.最后他沦为乞丐。
She must be fed up with studying.她准是厌倦学习了。
They accused him of taking bribes.他们指控他接受贿赂。
He charged me with neglecting my duty.他指责我疏忽职守。
There was nothing to prevent her from doing so.没有什么能阻止她这样做。
She kept herself from laughing.她忍住没笑。
He dedicated himself to finding a cure.他致力于找寻一种治疗方法。
She devoted herself to helping the poor.她献身于帮助穷人。
You must accustom yourself to getting up early.你必须习惯于早起。
He has resigned himself to never being able to walk again.他只好甘心让自己永远不能走路。
Hunger reduced him to stealing.饥饿迫使他偷窃。
They suspected him of selling state secrets.他们怀疑他出卖国家机密。
Nothing could stop me from going there.没有什么能阻止我到那里去。
Thank you so much for coming.非常感谢你来这里。
Excuse me for coming back Doctor.医生，原谅我又回来了。
Please pardon me for not arriving sooner.请原谅我没早些到。
Forgive me for not coming to your party.原谅我没来参加你的晚会。
I congratulated Maria on passing the exam.我祝贺玛丽亚通过了考试。
How about going for a walk?出去散散步如何？
What about sending him a copy?寄他一本如何？
Before going out I phoned Betty.出门之前我给贝蒂打了一个电话。
You car improve your English by reading more.多看书可以提高你的英语水平。
He ran ten kilometres without stopping.他一路不停跑了十公里。
Charles has worked hard since leaving school.自从离开学校以来，查尔斯工作一直很努力。
She was joyful upon seeing her child take his first steps.看到自己的孩子开始学走路她很高兴。
He is an expert at repairing clocks.他是一位修钟的专家。
Im much obliged to you for telling me.很感谢你告诉了我。
He felt tired from arguing.由于争论他感到很累。
They warned him against swimming in the lake.他们告诫他不要在这湖里游泳。
He felt uncomfortable about accepting the gift.他收到礼物感到不安。
He talked me into walking home with him.他说得我同意和他步行回家。
I prefer driving to travelling by train.我宁愿自己开车也不愿坐火车。
We argued him out of going on such a dangerous journey.我们和他争论，使他放弃了这次危险的旅行。
We walked down the stairs instead of taking the elevator.我们没坐电梯而是顺楼梯走了下去。
Carol went to work in spite of feeling ill.卡洛尔尽管感到不舒服仍去上了班。
What did you do prior to coming here?来这里之前你干什么？
He left early for fear of missing the train.他及早动身唯恐误了火车。
He bought the land with a view to building a summer house.他买了这块地打算盖一座别墅。
I called in the hope of finding you at leisure.我来看你，希望你有闲暇。
aIts one of the arts of living.这是生活的一种艺术。
The skill of speaking a foreign language takes time to acquire.说外语的技巧要长时间才能养成。
A good education is a necessary tool for succeeding.良好的教育是成功的必要手段。
He was fortunate to have had the chance of doing so.他很幸运有机会这样做。
I was glad to have the opportunity of visiting Paris.我很高兴有机会访问巴黎。
In some countries there is a law against spitting in the streets.有些国家有法律禁止在街上吐痰。
Will you describe the process of building a boat?你能描绘一下造船的步骤吗？
I have no experience in teaching English.我没有教英语的经验。
She had every reason for thinking so.她有一切理由这样想。
I must offer her an apology for not going to her party.我必须为未参加她的晚会表示歉意。
She had intention of visiting her native land.她有意访问她的故乡。
He had the honour of speaking at the opening ceremony.他有幸在开幕式上讲话。
He had no objection to getting up early.他对早起没有反对意见。
bThe money is for buying some food for dinner.这钱是用来买晚饭吃的食物的。
Robert was for cutting down the cost of production.罗伯特主张降低生产成本。
Im against doing anything till the police arrive.在警察到来之前我反对做任何事。
Talking to him was like playing upon an exquisite violin.和他谈话就像弹奏一把精美的提琴。
aHe objected to being treated as a child.他反对被当成孩子看待。
Im not used to being treated like this.我不习惯于受到这样的待遇。
Who prevented the plan from being carried out?谁阻止这个计划的实现的？
Im sick of being blamed for everything that goes wrong.出了什么事都怨我，使我烦透了。
This question is far from being settled.这个问题远没解决。
He once did it without being caught.有一次他这样做了没被抓住。
You cant eat anything before being operated on.动手术前你不能吃东西。
She looked surprised at being asked such a question.有人问她这样的问题她感到惊讶。
bIm sorry for having wasted your time.浪费了你的时间我很抱歉。
I cant forgive myself for having taken you by surprise.我不能原谅自己这样突如其来地问你。
He was ashamed of having failed.失败了他很羞惭。
Im surprised at your not having noticed.你竟未注意到我感到吃惊。
He went back to London without having achieved any success.他毫无成就地回到伦敦。
After having had a years practice he decided to make another effort.经过一年的练习，他决定再试一次。
Dont be angry with me for not having written.我没给你写信请别生我的气。
He strongly objected to your saying that.他强烈反对你这样讲话。
I never dreamt of its hurting you.我没想它会伤你的心。
You can be sure of his agreeing.你可以放心，他会同意。
I depend on your coming at seven oclock.我指望你七点钟来。
They wont hear of you r going.他们不会同意你去。
Theyre looking forward to Marys coming.他们盼望玛丽来。
aThe coming of the transistor could not have been foreseen.晶体管的出现是未预料到的。
Some people have never done any computing.有些人从未使用过电脑。
A ringing of bells marked the end of the old year.一阵钟声标志着旧的一年结束了。
The lighting of fires is forbidden there.在那里点火是禁止的。
bThe findings of the Commission will be published today.委员会的调查结果将于今天发表。
He kept his savings in the bank.他把他的积蓄存在银行里。
You hurt his feelings.你伤害了他的感情。
She told me about her sufferings.她跟我诉说了她的苦楚。
aTheyre playing badminton.他们在打羽毛球。
The television was on but we werent watching.电视机开着但我们并没有看。
Ill be leaving tomorrow.我明天动身。
He hasnt been feeling well recently.他近来感到不大舒服。
bHe pretended to be studying.他假装在学习。
The battle was said to have been going on for two days.据说战斗已经进行两天了。
She is believed to be staying with her aunt.可以相信她住在她姑姑家里。
I happened to be going that way.我恰好也是到那里去。
The speed of the horses was amazing.这些马的速度惊人。
They have won a resounding victory.他们赢得辉煌的胜利。
We saw a plane flying overhead.我们看见一架飞机从头上飞过。
She was busy packing her things.她忙着收拾东西。
aHe hurt his arm playing tennis.他打网球把膀子扭了。
Dont stand there doing nothing.别站在那里什么也不干。
bTaking a key out of the pocket he opened the door.他从口袋里拿出了钥匙把门打开。
I saw him walking along the street.我看见他沿大街走去。
Feeling tired I went to bed early.我感到累，很早就睡了。
The plot was interesting.情节很有趣。
His conduct was disgusting.他的行为令人厌恶。
All this was distressing.这一切都令人难受。
The movie was boring.这电影使人厌烦。
The monster was frightening.那怪物很可怕。
Her letter was touching.她的信很感人。
The situation was puzzling.形势令人迷惑不解。
The language was confusing.这话使人迷惑不解。
The spy story was thrilling.这个间谍故事非常刺激。
The idea was so exciting.这想法是那样激动人心。
His refusal to help was disappointing.他不肯帮忙很令人失望。
Her little stories are very charming indeed.她的那些小故事着实迷人。
The picture is not altogether discouraging.形势并不完全令人泄气。
It is very encouraging to find so many people attending the rally.看到这么多人参加大会很令人鼓舞。
The result is hardly inspiring.结果并不令人鼓舞。
The sight was quite amusing.这景象使人感到有趣。
The variety of his writing was astonishing.他作品的丰富性令人惊讶。
His story was simply amazing.他的故事简直令人吃惊。
What youve told me is very surprising.你给我讲的情况令人惊讶。
The present situation is terrifying.目前形势令人惊恐。
Statistics on juvenile delinquency are alarming.少年犯罪的统计数字令人惊恐。
The results of the explosion were appalling.爆炸的后果很可怕。
The boy has been missing for three days.那男孩不见已经三天了。
He is always very obliging.他总是乐于助人。
His analyses were always convincing.他的分析总是那样有说服力。
The news was extremely disturbing.这消息非常令人不安。
I dont like making speeches in public; its so embarrassing.我不喜欢在公共场合讲话，它使我感到尴尬。
Some films are misleading.有些电影把人引入歧途。
In a way teaching is rewarding.从一方面看，教学是很有乐趣的。
Cool drinks are refreshing on a warm day.天气热时冷饮使人感到清新。
This food looks inviting.这个菜看起来很吸引人。
Those chocolates are very tempting.那些巧克力糖很诱人。
She looked devastating.她看起来漂亮极了。
Its relaxing sitting here.坐在这里使人放松。
He is a most amazing person.他是一个非常令人惊异的人。
I have an amusing piece of news to tell you.我有一条很有趣的消息告诉你。
When will this appalling war end?什么时候这场可怕的战争才能结束？
I learnt another astonishing fact.我了解到另一个令人吃惊的事实。
Its a rather boring book.它是一本相当枯燥乏味的书。
His new book is full of challenging ideas.他的新书充满发人深醒的思想。
This is a very charming village.这是一座迷人的村庄。
This is a confusing word because it has several meanings.这是一个使人糊涂的词，因为它有几个意思。
Thats a convincing argument.这是一个有说服力的论点。
The newspapers are full of depressing news.报纸充满令人抑郁的消息。
It was a devastating war.这是一场破坏性极大的战争。
What disappointing news!多么令人失望的消息！
What a disgusting smell!多么令人厌恶的气味！
It was a distressing situation.这是一个痛苦的局面。
Ive had some disturbing experience.我碰到一些令人不安的事。
She found herself in an embarrassing position.她发现自己处于尴尬的地位。
I received no encouraging news.我没收到令人鼓舞的消息。
That was the most exciting film of the year.这是这一年最激动人心的电影。
They demanded the abrogation of this humiliating treaty.他们要求废除这个屈辱的条约。
I still remember the inspiring talk you gave us.我还记得你给我们作的鼓舞人心的讲话。
Misleading advertisements are prohibited by law.骗人的广告法律是禁止的。
The resolution was adopted by an overwhelming majority.决议以压倒多数通过。
Its a rewarding job.这是一件令人高兴的工作。
The story had a satisfying ending.这故事有一个令人满意的结局。
The failure of the bank was shocking news.银行的倒闭是令人震惊的消息。
The bullys threatening remarks frightened the child.那恶棍威胁的话把小孩吓坏了。
It was a thrilling story.这是一个激动人心的故事。
It was tiring work.这是累人的工作。
Theres a bus coming which is coming.有一辆公共汽车开过来了。
Theres a van stopping which is stopping outside.有一辆货车停在外面。
The train which is arriving at Platform 8 is the 17:20 from Boston.八号月台到站的车是由波士顿开来的下午五点二十的车。
Do you know the woman who is talking to Tom?和汤姆说话的女人你认识吗？
Who are those people waiting outside?那些在外边等候的人是谁？
Police investigating the crime are looking for three men.调查这件罪案的警察在找寻三个人。
I was woken up by a bell ringing.铃声把我惊醒。
There were some children swimming in the river.有些小孩在河里游泳。
I didnt talk much to the man sitting next to me.我没和坐在我旁边的人多讲话。
The taxi taking us to the airport broke down.送我们去机场的出租车中途坏了。
The road joining which joins the villages is very narrow.连接两个村子的公路很狭窄。
I live in a pleasant room overlooking which overlooks the garden.我住在一间可以俯瞰花园的舒适的房间里。
Can you think of the name of a flower beginning which begins with T?你能想到一个以T开头的花名吗？
The company sent me a brochure containing which contained all the information I needed.公司寄给我一个小册子，包含了我需要的所有资料。
A few days after the interview I received a letter offering which offered me the job.面谈后过了几天，我收到一封给我工作的信。
Jim has got a brother working who works in a bank in London.吉姆有一个哥哥在伦敦的一家银行里工作。
Ive never seen her dancing.我从未看见过她跳舞。
I heard somebody singing in the next room.我听见有人在隔壁屋里唱歌。
He found a cat sleeping in the armchair.他发现一只猫在扶手椅上睡觉。
I could hear it raining.我可以听见天在下雨。
Watch me doing it.瞧我怎么做。
Ill have you speaking English in six months.我要你六个月内就开口讲英语。
At this moment she noticed Hallorsen coming in.这时她看见海洛森走了进来。
He caught the boys stealing his apples.他撞见男孩子们偷他的苹果。
His question has set me thinking.他的问题引起我深思。
Dont leave her waiting outside in the rain.别让她站在雨里等候。
I felt the house shaking.我感到房子在震动。
She kept me waiting for over twenty minutes.她让我等了二十多分钟。
The smoke started her coughing.烟使她咳嗽起来。
Listen to the birds singing.听那些鸟儿歌唱。
Just look at the rain pouring down!瞧这倾盆大雨！
I saw the train coming come into the station.我看见火车进站。
Did you notice him leaving leave the house?你注意到他离开这房子了吗？
The man was found lying on the floor.那人被发现躺在地上。
Voices were heard calling for help.有人听到呼救声。
He was seen speaking to her daughter.有人看见他在和她女儿谈话。
How long have you been kept waiting?让你等了多久？
The boy was caught cheating in the exam.这男孩考试作弊给抓住了。
Only its walls were left standing.只剩下几堵墙立在那儿。
I saw him being taken away.我看见有人把他带走。
He was seen being taken away by the police.有人看见他被警察带走了。
He was tike an old tree blossoming again.他就像古树又开了花。
He soon fell asleep with the light still burning.灯还亮着他很快就睡着了。
I cant move in Berkeley without everybody knowing.我不能在伯克莱活动而不让大家都知道。
With the crowds cheering the royal party drove to the palace.在群众欢呼声中，皇室一行开车前往皇宫。
They debated for hours without a decision being taken.他们辩论了几个钟头却一个决定也没做出。
aI cant imagine George riding a motorbike.我不能想象乔治会骑摩托车。
You cant stop me doing what I want.你不能阻止我做我想做的事。
That is the best way to prevent such a thing happening again.这是防止这样的事再次发生的最好办法。
Fancy you having done such a thing.没想到你做出了这样的事。
I cant bear you shouting in that way.我不能忍受你这样大声嚷嚷。
Please excuse him not writing to you.请原谅他没给你写信。
I cant understand John making such a fuss.我不能理解约翰怎么会这样大惊小怪。
bHe would not hear of Philip leaving him.他不愿意菲利浦离开他。
I must insist on them paying at once.我必须坚持他们立即付款。
I object to people smoking in restaurants.我反对人们在餐馆抽烟。
You should offer to help without me having to ask.你应主动帮忙而无需我要求你。
My main interest is in the children doing well at school.我主要关心的是孩子们在学校学习好。
Its me that should ask you instead of you asking me.应当我问你而不是你问我。
They spend a lot of time watching TV.他们花很多时间看电视。
I have spent all day looking for you.我花了一整天找你。
The boys are busy packing.小伙子们在忙着收拾行李。
She came running into the room.她跑进屋来。
We went shopping boatingswimming .我们买东西划船游泳去了。
She busied herself tidying up her desk.她忙着收拾她的写字台。
A light wind came flowing over the boundless sea.一阵轻风吹过无涯的大海。
He went on reading his paper.他继续看他的报。
Dont you go looking for trouble Maria.玛丽亚，你不要去自找麻烦。
Dont you sit there doing nothing.别什么也不干坐在那里。
She was lying in bed reading.她躺在床上看书。
She stood at the door talking to a neighbour.她站在门口和邻居谈话。
Hes in the bar having a drink.他在酒吧间坐着喝酒。
Every evening they sat on the sofa watching TV.他们每天晚上坐在沙发上看电视。
They worked in the field hoeing corn.他们在玉米地里锄草。
Torrents of water came rushing down from the mountains.阵阵山洪从山里冲泻而下。
She went out saying she would be back in an hour.她走了出去，说一个钟头后就回来。
She was in London for two years working as a tourist guide.她在伦敦待了两年，做导游。
Mary walked round the town looking at the sights.玛丽在城里到处转，逛各处景点。
Sue got home feeling very tired.苏回到家里，感到很累。
He walked out of the room slamming the door behind.他走出房去，砰地一声把门关上。
She lay awake all night recalling the events of the day.她整夜躺在床上睡不着，回想着这一天发生的事。
这类分词短语多数放在后面，和其他状语相似。
分词短语可作时间状语。
Hearing the news they all jumped for joy.听了这消息他们都高兴得跳了起来。
Arriving there he made up his mind to go in.到达那里时他决定走进屋去。
He got engaged to her when travelling in Europe.在欧洲旅行时他和她订了婚。
She tremble a little while doing so.她这样做时稍稍颤抖了一下。
While trying to open the door I cut my hand.在设法开门时我把手刺破了。
Jim hurt his arm playing tennis while he was playing tennis.吉姆打网球时把手臂扭了。
He cut himself shaving When he was shaving.他刮胡子时把脸刮破了。
The man slipped and fell when getting off the bus.那人下公共汽车时滑了一跤。
Reading my newspaper I heard the door bell ring.我看报时听见门铃响。
Coming down the mountain he met Tom on the way.他下山时在路上碰见了汤姆。
Being so ill she cant go back to work yet.由于病得那么厉害，她还不能去上班。
Being unemployed he hasnt got much money.由于没有工作，他没有多少钱。
Having been ill for a long time As he had been ill he needed time to recover.由于他病了很长时间，他需要一段恢复的时间。
Having already seen the film twice I didnt want to go to the cinema.由于这影片我已看过两次，我不想去看。
Having invited him here to speak wed better go to his lecture.既然我们请了他来作报告，我们最好去听一下。
Not having received an answer she decided to write him another letter.由于没得到他的回信，她决定再给他写一封信。
Having finished her work she went home.她干完工作就回家了。
Having bought our tickets we went into the theatre.我们买好票后就走进剧场。
Following Tom they started to climb.跟在汤姆后面，他们开始攀登。
Travelling by jeep we visited a number of cities.我们坐着吉普车访问了许多城市。
Some left the hall still weeping.有些人离开大厅时还在哭泣。
Feeling tired I went to bed early.我感到很累，很早就睡了。
I offered them something to eat thinking they might be hungry.我给了他们一些东西吃，心想他们可能会饿。
I phoned again making sure I had the right number.我再打了一次电话，以便确认号码是对的。
They opened fire killing one of our patrolmen.他们开枪打死了我们一个巡逻兵。
Emma was sitting in an armchair reading a book.爱玛坐在一张扶手椅上看书。
He didnt argue with her knowing it would be useless.他没和她争辩，知道争也无用。
Relying on our own efforts we overcame all our difficulties.我们依靠自己的力量克服了所有的困难。
总的说来，现在分词作状语，主要用在书面语中，在口语中用其他结构时更多些。
He paused as if he was expecting Lanny to speak.他停顿了一下，仿佛在期待兰尼讲话。
Jason turned round as though he was searching for someone.杰逊转过身来，仿佛在寻找什么人。
If you are travelling north you must change at Leeds.如果你是向北行，你必须在里兹换车。
Unless you are paying by credit card please pay in cash.除非你用信用卡付款，否则你得付现金。
省略的词一般为从句的主语及助动词be，只有从句和主句的主语一致为同一个人时，才能作这样的省略。
I had a hard time in getting them to see the point.我费了很大劲儿才让他们明白我的意思。
Were fortunate in having you with us.我们很幸运，有你和我们在一起。
Theres no point in telling her about it.告诉她没有用。
Are you through with asking questions?你问题问完了吗？
He hurt his leg in playing football.他踢足球把腿踢伤了。
She spent two months in writing the paper.她花了两个月写这篇论文。
It being a holiday As it was a holiday all the shops were shut.由于今天是假日，所有商店都关门了。
There being no further business As there was no further business I declared the meeting closed.由于没有别的事了，我宣布闭会。
We explored the caves Peter acting as a guide.由彼得作向导，我们探查了那些洞穴。
Im playing golf this afternoonweather permitting.我今天下午打高尔夫球如果天气允许的话。
这种带逻辑主语的现在分词称为独立结构Absolute Construction。
Women generally speaking live longer than men.一般说来女人比男人活得长。
Strictly speaking I should not be here.严格地说，我是不应待在这里的。
Judging from what you say he ought to succeed.从你说的情况看，他应当能成功。
His acting was remarkable taking into account his youth and inexperience.考虑到他年轻没有经验，他的演出是不错的。
Considering the distance he arrived very quickly.考虑到路程，他到达是很快的。
Supposing she doesnt come what shall we do?假设她不来，我们该怎么办？
这类状语修饰整个句子，可说是一种独立成分Independent Element。也可称作句子状语。
Have you ever been abroad before?你以前出过国吗？
I hadnt seen her at least ten days.我至少有十天没见到她了。
They will have arrived by now.想必他们现在已经到达。
You should have told us earlier.你应当早点告诉我们的。
He is said to have written another TV play.据说他又写了一部电视剧。
Smoking is not permitted.禁止吸烟。
Whats being done? Zero.做了什么事呢？什么也没做。
These people will be are to be punished.这些人将受到惩处。
He hates being interrupted.他不喜欢人打断他的话。
All this could not have been foreseen.所有这些都是无法预见的。
Be prepared!做好准备！
Weve only got a little left.我们只剩一点了。
We preferred the house painted white.我们宁愿把房子漆成白色。
Depressed he went to see his elder brother.情绪低沉时，他跑去看哥哥。
过去分词只有一种形式。
He was convinced of the rightness of his position.他相信他的立场是正确的。
We were amazed at the beauty of the lake.我们对湖光的美感到惊异。
He became annoyed with the students.他对学生很不高兴。
I got bored with the tour guides descriptions.我对导游的描绘感到厌烦。
We were confused about the schedule.我们给时间表闹糊涂了。
Everybody got excited about the boat trip.大家对坐船游览都倍感兴奋。
Jim seemed frightened of the wild animals.吉姆似乎对野生动物很害怕。
I was interested in everything I saw.我对看到的一切都感兴趣。
We were pleased about the decision to go to Alaska.对去阿拉斯加的决定我们很高兴。
Did you feel satisfied with the arrangements?你对这些安排感到满意吗？
We were thrilled about seeing a glacier.我们看到冰川感到非常激动。
By the end of the trip we were tired of travelling.在旅行结束时我们对旅游感到厌倦。
Im worried about paying the bills.我对付账感到忧虑。
They were delighted to be there.他们到那里感到很高兴。
He was not prepared to help us.他不准备帮助我们。
She was really touched beyond words.她确实感动得无法形容。
He was evidently a little scared.他显然有点害怕。
He became involved with criminals.他和一些罪犯混在一起。
On this they were agreed.在这一点上他们的意见是一致的。
When she was dressed she went downstairs.她穿好衣裳就走下楼去。
The meal was finished and the argument went on.饭吃完之后，争论继续下去。
They moved off and were lost in the crowd.他们走掉消失在人群中。
All the shops were shut.所有商店都关门了。
The library is closed on weekends.周末图书馆关门。
The mountain was covered with snow all the year round.山上终年积雪。
Are you married or single?你是已婚还是单身？
The door was locked.门是锁着的。
Im frightfully obliged to you.我非常感谢你。
Why are you looking so disappointed?你为什么显得那样失望？
The street was lined on both sides with people.街道两边都站着人。
Your shoe laces are undone.你的鞋带散了。
These seats are reserved for you.这些座位是留给你们的。
He was obviously drunk.他显然喝醉了。
The problem was exceedingly complicated.这问题极为复杂。
She looked astonished at the news.听到这消息她显得很吃惊。
I am surprised to hear you say that.听你这样说我感到很惊讶。
He was devoted to Pure Science.他专心致志于纯科学。
She looked exhausted.她看起来已筋疲力尽。
The room soon became crowded.房间很快挤满了人。
Everybody feels contented.大家都感到很满意。
He is well qualified for the job.他很有条件做这工作。
Im puzzled about the situation.我对局势感到迷惑不解。
Youre not hurt arent you?你没受伤对吗？
My clothes were soaked.我的衣服都湿透了。
I feel kind of discouraged.我感到有点泄气。
I became acquainted with some of them.我们和他们中间一些人熟识起来。
He is wounded in the leg.他腿部受了伤。
Where is he buried?他埋在哪里？
The room was deserted.房间空无一人。
带表语结构的句子都包含一个系动词和过去分词，而带被动结构的句子的时态要与其相应主动结构句子的时态一致。如：It was broken by my sister.中的主动结构为My sister broke it，两者的时态是一致的。换言之，表语结构由于表示状态，多数都用一般时态在个别情况下也有用完成时态的，如：Theyve been married for ten years.他们结婚已经十年。，而被动结构的句子则要根据动作发生的时间来决定动词的时态。
Im ashamed of what I did.我对我的行为感到羞愧。
Philip was exceptionally gifted.菲利浦特别有天赋。
The old man was beloved by everyone.这位老人受到大家的爱戴。
The plan was doomed to fail failure.这计划注定要失败。
We are indebted to you for your support.我们感谢你的支持。
但这些都不是过去分词而是形容词。
The excited children are opening their Christmas presents.激动的孩子们正在把圣诞礼物打开。
She could hear his agitated voice.她可听见他激动的声音。
She had a worried look on her face.她脸上有一种忧虑的表情。
He didnt notice the surprised look on her face.他没注意到她脸上惊异的表情。
He gave her an astonished look.他惊异地望了她一眼。
She had confused feelings about him.她对他有一些复杂的情绪。
Since he lost the election hes a disappointed man.自从选举失败以来，他一直灰心丧气。
He wore an embarrassed expression.他脸上有一种尴尬的表情。
The frightened horse ran away from the fire.惊恐的马从大火中跑开。
Interested members will meet at two.感兴趣的会员两点钟碰头。
She had a pleased look on her face.她脸上有高兴的神情。
His face wore a puzzled expression.他脸上有一种困惑的表情。
Mr. Knight gave a satisfied smile.奈特先生露出满意的微笑。
The system used which is used in this school is very successful.这学校使用的系统很成功。
The boy injured who was injured in the accident was taken to hospital.在车祸中受伤的男孩被送到医院去了。
Some of the people invited who have been invited to the party cant come.有些被邀请参加晚会的人不能来。
Most of the goods made which are made in this factory are exported.这家工厂的产品大部分出口。
The police never found the money stolen which was stolen in the robbery.在劫案中被抢去的钱警察始终未找到。
There is a red car parked which is parked outside the house.房子外边停着一辆红色汽车。
The window broken in the storm has now been repaired.在暴风雨中打破了的窗户已经修好。
Most of the suggestions made at the meeting were not very practical.会上提出的建议很多行不通。
The paintings stolen from the museum havent been found.博物馆失窃的画仍未找到。
What was the name of the man arrested by the police?警察逮捕的那个人叫什么名字？
There is nothing written on it.上面没写东西。
There was nobody injured.没有人受伤。
The experience gained that has been gained will be of great value to us.取得的经验对我们将很有价值。
They decided to change the material used that is used.他们决定改变使用的材料。
Weve only got a little left.我们只剩一点儿了。
Do you know the number of books ordered?你知道订购了多少书吗？
One of the measures taken is to organize visits to other factories.采取的措施之一就是组织参观别的工厂。
They urged all concerned to take an active part in the movement.他们号召所有有关的人积极参加这个运动。
We must keep a secret of the things being discussed which are being discussed here.我们必须对这里讨论的问题保密。
What do you think of the summit meeting being held in Geneva?你对正在日内瓦举行的高峰会议怎么看？
They were not very interested in the election to be held next month.他们对下月举行的选举不太有兴趣。
She made a list of things to be taken on the way.她开了一份路上要带的东西的单子。
He prepared some poems to be recited at the English Evening.他准备了几首将在英语晚会上朗颂的诗。
She got her suits drycleaned.她把她的套服请人干洗了。
You should have your television repaired.你应请人把你的电视修理一下。
I saw him taken away in an ambulance.我看见他被救护车送走。
Ive heard him criticized many times.我听见他多次受到批评。
He watched the typewriter carried out of the door.他瞧着打字机被搬出屋去。
He didnt wish it mentioned.他不希望这事被提到。
I dont want anything said about this.我不希望谁谈到这事。
He felt himself compelled to bring this action.他感到自己被迫进行这次诉讼。
Well keep you informed of how things are going with us.我们将让你了解我们这儿的情况。
What made you so frightened?什么使你这样惊恐？
I should like this matter settled immediately.我愿意这事立即解决。
He found the door locked.他发现门锁上了。
I declare Alvin Schiff elected.我宣布阿尔文席夫当选。
They acknowledged themselves defeated.他们承认自己被打败。
Everyone considered it greatly improved.大家都认为它有大改进。
He was found injured at the foot of a cliff.他被发现在山岩脚下受了伤。
Hew was rarely seen so workedup.很少看到他这样激动。
They are considered underpaid.他们被认为工资过低。
但这种情况是比较少的。
She sat with her head bent.她低着头坐在那里。
He sat with his arms clasped round his knees.他手臂抱着膝盖坐着。
All afternoon he worked with the door locked.整个下午他锁着门工作。
1978 ended with nothing settled.1978年什么也没解决就结束了。
Exhausted by the journey he soon fell asleep.由于旅途劳顿他很快就睡着了。
从这些例子可以看出过去分词短语，接近一个被动结构的从句。
Depressed he went to see his elder sister.他情绪低沉就去看他姐姐。
Frustrated he went back to his home village.他大失所望回到家乡。
He turned away disappointed.他失望地走掉了。
We went home exhausted.我们筋疲力尽地回到家里。
Fight no battle unprepared.不打无准备之战。
Although it was built before the war the engine is still in perfect order.尽管是战前制造的，这台发动机仍然处于良好状态。
If you are accepted for this post you will be informed by May 1st.如果接受你担任这个职务，将于五一以前通知你。
Unless it is changed this law will make life difficult for farmers.除非加以修改，否则这条法律将给农民的生活造成困难。
Metals expand when heated and contract when cooled.金属热则膨胀冷则收缩。
The lad startled as if awakened from some dream.小伙子突然一惊，仿佛从梦中惊醒似的。
Robbie had arranged for this man to come whenever needed.罗比安排好，随时需要这人就可以来。
Granted his honesty he may be mistaken.即使说他是诚实的，他也可能错了。
Given good health I hope to finish the work this year.如果我身体状况良好，我希望今年能完成这项工作。
Everyone helped John not excepted.大家都来帮忙，约翰也不例外。
Everyone laughed me included.大家都笑了，我也笑了。
Everything considered his plan seems better.从各方面考虑，他的计划似乎好一些。
句子的两个主要组成部分是主语和谓语，而谓语都是由动词构成的。因此动词在句中起着极其重要的作用，可以说是句子的核心。在英语中，各类动词后有不同的结构，从而构成不同的句型，抓住动词及它们引起的各种句型，就会对英语有一个总的概念。掌握了这些基本句型，就可打下灵活运用语言的基础。
The little girl smiled.女孩笑了。
She knows English.她懂英语。
He told us a story.他给我们讲了一个故事。
She looked delighted.她看来很高兴。
The news made us sad.这消息使我们很伤心。
Hes been working.他一直在工作。
Youll have got my letter.我的信想必你已经收到。
Where are you going to stay?你准备住哪里？
You are supposed to have finished doing it.你应当已经干完了。
What are you looking for?你在找什么？
Pay attention to your grammar.注意语法。
Ill take care of it.这事我来管。
Dont lose heart.不要灰心。
This idea has already taken root in their minds.这个想法已在他们脑中扎根。
这就使句型的数目大大增加。实际句型有四十多个。
这些修饰语使句子变得丰富多采。如果说基本句型是树干，各种修饰语就是枝叶；基本句型是骨架，各类修饰语就是血肉。这两者是相辅相成的，片面强调一类东西对学习英语都是不利的。但在初学阶段掌握基本句型至关重要，遵循这些规律就可使句子平稳地站起来。在此基础上添枝加叶就有条件了。
The sun is rising.太阳正在升起。
The children are playing.孩子们在玩耍。
She is still sleeping.她还在睡觉。
This problem can wait.这问题可以等等再说。
Its raining.下雨了。
It all depends.这得看情况。
We must eat.我们都得吃东西。
Ill consider.我将考虑。
Its so noisy here. I cant think.这儿这么吵，我无法思考。
Can you read?你识字吗？
You push I pull.你推我拉。
The stain doesnt show.污点显不出来。
It doesnt pay.这不值得。
Who are going?谁准备去？
Its dark; I cant see.天很黑我看不见。
Have you bid yet?你叫牌了吗？
Does the coat fit?上衣合身吗？
Will 5 do?五英镑够吗？
I dont think I can do it but Ill try.我想我干不了，不过我可以试试。
It might rainyou never can tell.可能会下雨，谁也说不准。
Did you sleep well?你睡得好吗？
She wept bitterly.她哭得很伤心。
He died last year.他去年死的。
They walked leisurely in the park.他们在公园里悠闲地走着。
Dont drive so fast.开车不要这么快。
They laughed aloud.他们大声笑起来。
Will you dance with me?你愿意和我跳舞吗？
The plane flew low.飞机飞得很低。
She swims like a fish.她游泳起来像条鱼。
She drew beautifully.她画得很美。
Do you dream at night?你晚上做梦吗？
He was breathing hard.他气喘吁吁。
Have you been waiting long?你等的时间长吗？
You go first and I will follow behind.你先走，我随后就来。
The boat was sinking fast.那条船很快下沉。
Shall we turn round?咱们要不要往回走？
The man then walked off.于是这人走掉了。
Come over here.到这边来。
Shes trembling all over.她浑身发抖。
Get away!走开！
The show lasted two hours.演出持续了两小时。
The temperature rose fell ten degrees.气温上升下降了十度。
Dont answer back; its not polite.别顶嘴，这样不客气。
We often quarrel but they soon blow over.我们常吵嘴，但很快就会过去。
The bomb blew up.炸弹爆炸了。
After midnight the party broke up.午夜之后晚会就散了。
When did the war break out?战争什么时候爆发的？
The forest fire burnt away for days.森林大火燃烧了好几天。
To our delight the sun burst forth.使我们高兴的是太阳出来了。
How did the accident come about?事故是怎样发生的？
The handle has come off.把手脱落了。
The plants are coming on nicely.花木长得不错。
The moon has come out.月亮出来了。
His anger has cooled down.他的怒气消了。
My sister dropped by around last night.我妹妹昨天晚上来了。
Business dropped off during the summer.夏天买卖清淡起来。
The puppet regime soon fell apart.傀儡政权不久就垮台了。
Soon she fell behind.不多久她就落在后面了。
At two oclock the men fell in.两点钟时士兵集合了。
Why did you get up so early?你为什么起来这么早？
The plane got off on time.飞机及时起飞了。
The work is getting on splendidly.工作进展得很好。
The gun went off.枪打响了。
The candle has gone out.蜡烛灭了。
When the judge became ill he had to step down.法官生病后不得不辞职。
My play is acting wonderfully well.我的剧演出情况极好。
The door blew open.门被风刮开了。
The lamp blew out.灯被风吹灭了。
The law carried by 310 votes to 306.这项法律以310票赞成306票反对通过。
Let the meat cook slowly.把肉用慢火炖。
Cheese cuts easily.干酪很好切。
Protein digests slowly.蛋白质消化得很慢。
This dress fastens at the back.这件连衣裙是在后面扣的。
While the water was heating I began to sweep the floor.水煮着时，我开始扫地。
Do clothes iron more easily when they are damp?衣裳潮湿时是否好熨一些？
The apartment lets on a yearly basis.这套房子出租按年计算。
The door locks automatically.这扇门会自动锁上。
These potatoes peel easily.这种土豆很容易剥皮。
She photographs well.她很上相。
The apartment rents for 700 a month.这套房子每月租金700美元。
These marks wont rub off.这些污迹没法擦掉。
Is the book selling well?这书好销售吗？
The door wont shut.门关不上了。
Silk stains easily.丝绸容易着色。
Her family traces back to Paul Revere.她的家庭可追溯到保罗列威尔。
The material washes easily.这料子很好洗。
The poems dont translate well.这些诗不好翻译。
The new impression is binding.新印的书正在装订。
Rows upon rows of houses were building.一排排的房子正在盖。
The theatre filled up rapidly.剧场很快坐满了人。
The fish was frying.鱼正在煎。
Where is the film showing?电影在哪里放映？
She loves music and plays the piano beautifully.她热爱音乐，钢琴弹得很好。
He left school last year.他是去年离开学校的。
I must say goodbye now.我得告别了。
Youve done a good job.你干得很好。
Hes changed his mind.他改变了主意。
Did he say anything?他说什么话了吗？
Can you take my blood pressure?你能量一下我的血压吗？
Ill see you tomorrow.我明天来看你。
Shall I call a taxi?我要不要叫一辆出租车？
You can take the 9:30 train.你可以坐九点半的火车。
Ill have roast duck.我要烤鸭。
Have you ordered your meal?你叫菜了吗？
Who discovered this new element？这个新元素是谁发现的？
I often catch cold.我常常感冒。
You take the lead and well follow suit.你带头，我们跟着干。
This theory doesnt hold water.这种理论站不住脚。
Make haste or well miss the bus.赶快，否则我们赶不上汽车了。
They opened fire and killed two gangsters.他们开枪，打死两名匪徒。
He often played truant.他常常逃学。
He sowed discord among his enemies.他在敌人中制造不合。
Prospectors finally struck gold.勘探人员最后找到了金矿。
The law will soon take effect.这条法律即将生效。
The concert takes place next Friday.音乐会下星期五举行。
Dont take offence.不要不高兴。
The enemy beat a retreat.敌人撤退了。
We must draw a line between right and wrong.我们必须分清是非。
They downed tools that afternoon.那天下午他们开始罢工。
His father had to pull strings to get him that job.他父亲得托人情才让他得到这份工作。
I must face the music and accept responsibility.我必须面对不愉快的情况承担后果。
Dont pull my leg.别哄我。
She set the table for ten people.她摆好桌子准备十个人吃饭。
Everyone sings his praises.人人都对他大肆赞扬。
I will speak my mind.我将说老实话。
Take your time.别着急。
I blamed myself for not paying attention.我怨我自己没注意。
He reproached himself for his behaviour that evening.他为那天晚上的行为责备了自己。
He turned on the gas and killed himself.他打开煤气自杀了。
Dont deceive yourself.不要骗你自己了。
I dont mean to praise myself. I have my fault.我不想赞扬我自己，我有我的缺点。
I dont know how to express myself.我不知道怎样表达自己的意思。
He often contradicts himself.他常常自相矛盾。
She freed herself from his embrace.她从他的拥抱中挣脱出来。
She supports herself.她自己养活自己。
Hes only four but he can feed himself wash himself and dress himself.他才四岁，但已经可以自己吃东西，自己洗澡，自己穿衣服。
I had a fit of rageI could hardly control myself.我勃然大怒，简直控制不住自己了。
He was about to say something more and then checked himself.他打算再说几句的，但忍住没说。
After that he introduced himself to me.之后他向我介绍了他自己。
I asked myself several questions.我问了自己几个问题。
She saw herself in the mirror.她看到镜子中的自己。
Dont overwork yourself.你不要过分劳累。
Soon she composed herself.不久她就平静下来。
She pledged herself to write to him.她保证给他写信。
I hope youll both enjoy yourselves.希望你们两人都玩得好。
Help yourself to more meat.你再多吃一点肉。
Many students absented themselves from the class.许多学生没来上课。
I must excuse myself from coming to the party; I am ill.我得请求不来参加晚会，我身子不舒服。
She prided herself on her cooking.她为自己的烹调技术感到骄傲。
He contented himself with a subordinate job.他让自己满足于一份次要的工作。
She distinguished herself as a great lawyer.她是一位杰出的大律师。
He seated himself at the writing table.他在写字台前坐下。
Pull yourself together hold your head up.振作起来，抬起头来。
The child cried himself to sleep.这孩子哭着哭着睡着了。
The children conducted themselves well at the party.孩子们在晚会上表现很好。
He never exerts himself.他从来不肯下功夫。
Take good care of yours elf.好好保重自己。
They had overstreched themselves to buy that house.他使用了过多的钱买那幢房子。
Please dont trouble yourself; I can do it by myself.你不要费事，我自己能干。
Behave yourselves!乖一点!
He dreamed a sweet dream.他做了一个美梦。
They lived a happy life.他们过着幸福的生活。
He slept the peaceful sleep of the young.他睡了一个年轻人的那种平静的觉。
She smiled a warm and friendly smile.她温存友好地笑了笑。
He lived a long life and died a natural death.他活得很长，最后寿终正寝了。
The bride and bridegroom were to dance the Rosedance together.新娘和新郎将一道跳玫瑰舞。
He said his say and sat down.他说完他的话就坐下了。
Think happy thoughts and youll feel better.想些高兴的事，你会感觉好些。
She closed her eyes and wished a wish.她闭上眼睛许了一个愿。
Alice laughed a scornful laugh.艾丽斯鄙夷地笑了笑。
Hand in your books.把练习本交上来。
Then I filled in the forms.然后我把表填好。
Cross out those two words.把那两个字划掉。
He brought about a quarrel between his parents.他引起父母的一场争吵。
He brought forth new evidence.他提出了新的证据。
He brought out a new play.他出版了一个新剧本。
We must carry forward that tradition.我们必须发扬这个传统。
We have carried on a correspondence for years.我们通信有许多年了。
You must carry out your promise.你必须履行你的诺言。
We must find out the truth of the matter.我们必须弄清事实真相。
The teacher gave out the examination papers.老师分发了考卷。
He mixed up the people in the story.他把故事里的人物弄混了。
The policeman noted down every word I said.警察把我讲的每句话都记了下来。
Please put down the following facts.请把下面的事实记下来。
The trees are putting forth leaves.树正在长出新叶。
They put off the picnic because of the rain.他们的野餐因下雨延期了。
The firemen put out the blaze.消防队员把火扑灭了。
Put up your hand if you know the answer.如果知道答案请举手。
The government set up many hospitals for them.政府为他们建立了许多医院。
He set his load down.他把重物放了下来。
I left my suitcase behind.我把手提箱落下了。
She read the poem out quietly.她小声地朗读了那首诗。
Put your hands up!把手举起来！
Put your hat on.把帽子戴上。
We decided to put the meeting off.我们决定把会议推迟。
Ill think everything over.我要把一切好好想一遍。
Your father is very put out about the matter.你父亲对此很生气。
Everything he said was at once put down.他说的每句话被马上写了下来。
When was the theory first put forward?这个理论最初什么时候提出的？
Another supermarkets been put up near our house.我们家附近又盖了一座超级市场。
She will abide by her promise.她将遵守她的诺言。
The river abounds in fish.这条河盛产鱼类。
They will never agree to that.他们绝不会同意这一点。
He often dreamt of his home.他常常梦到他的家。
The plan depends on the weather.这计划要靠天气来决定。
They all laughed at the idea.他们都嘲笑这个想法。
Well look into this matter.我们将调查这件事。
She frequently thought of Sophia.她经常想到索菲娅。
Have you sent for the doctor?你派人去请医生了吗？
My income for that year amounted to 4000.那年我的收入共有四千英镑。
Who will look after the children for you?谁给你看孩子？
The House of Commons consisted of 658 members.平民院有658名成员。
I object to all this noise.我不喜欢这些嘈杂的声音。
He asked for an interview with the President.他请求和总统会晤。
They met with stubborn resistance.他们遭到顽强的抵抗。
Who knows what will come of it?谁知道这会有什么结果？
In the Library he came upon Kipps.在图书馆他碰到了基普斯。
Perhaps Ill come across him in Japan.或许我会在日本见到他。
The new law comes into force next May.这条新法律明年五月生效。
The trees are coming into blossom.树都要开花了。
The regulation came into existence in June.这条规定是六月开始实施的。
The present government came into power last year.现政府是去年上台的。
As they reached the top of the hill the sea came into sight.他们登上山顶时望见了大海。
She burst into tears.她突然哭了起来。
After the death of Napoleon his empire began to fall into pieces.拿破仑死后他的帝国就分崩离析了。
After much talk they came to an agreement.经过许多谈判他们达成了一项协议。
The train came to a stop.火车停了下来。
The first act had come to an end.第一幕结束了。
Presently they came to blows.不久他们打了起来。
My plan came to grief and I was left penniless.我的计划失败，变得不名一文。
I hope he will soon come to his senses.我希望他不久能清醒过来。
He rose to his feet.他站起身来。
You tread on his toes.你得罪了他。
People looked down upon them.人们看不起他们。
Your long answer just adds up to a refusal.你讲了半天无非是表示拒绝。
We shall never bow down to our enemies.我们永远不会向敌人低头。
I should break away from such habits.我应改掉这种习惯。
You must carry on with your work.你必须继续进行你的工作。
I must catch up with my work.我必须把缺的工作补上。
She came down with influenza.她患上了流感。
Many people are crying out against the new rule.许多人表示反对这条新规定。
The castle dates back to the 14th century.这座城堡是14世纪修建的。
They have done away with corporal punishment in their schools.他们在学校中废除了体罚。
They had to fall back on that money.他不得不依靠那笔钱。
He didnt feel up to the journey.他感到不能作这次旅行。
Your ideas fit in with mine.你的想法和我的想法一致。
Put the novel away and get on with your work.把小说放下，继续做你的作业。
Well get through with the project next month.我们将在下月完成这项工程。
He gave in to the wish of the majority.他顺从了多数人的意见。
The window gives on to a garden.窗子俯瞰一座花园。
Its going on for midnight.快到午夜了。
I caught sight a glimpse of Fred in the crowd.我在人群中看到了弗雷德。
Catch hold of this rope.抓住这根绳子。
He is constantly finding fault with my work.他老是挑我工作中的毛病。
He has lost touch with her.他和她失去了联系。
He took a great pride in his work.他对他的工作感到很骄傲。
His words gave rise to a considerable amount of speculation.他的话引起相当多的猜测。
He made no reference to his illness.他没提到他生病的事。
You should pay more attention to your health.你要更注意身体。
Harry takes a great delight in teasing her.哈利很喜欢取笑她。
We had no objection to their getting higher wages.他们工资高一些我们不反对。
She is making preparations for her marriage.她正在为结婚做准备。
He shook hands with all of us.他和我们一一握手。
You must take precautions against burglary.你必须谨防小偷。
Id like to ask a favour of you.我想请你帮一个忙。
Jim tried to curry favour with his boss.吉姆设法讨老板的欢喜。
No one took the slightest notice of him.没人对他有任何注意。
You must give an account of your behaviour.你必须解释你的行为。
Old methods must give place to new.旧方法必须让位给新方法。
He made friends with Mary Ann.他和玛丽安交朋友。
The accident did very little damage to the car.车祸对车造成的损坏极小。
He quickly availed himself of the opportunity.他立即利用了这个机会。
He threw himself into his work.他投身于这项工作。
He associated himself with this campaign.他参与了这个运动。
She applied herself to learning English.她努力学习英语。
She prides herself on cooking.她为她的烹调技术感到骄傲。
He busied himself with answering letters.他忙着给人回信。
Help yourself to more cake.再吃一点蛋糕。
She should concern herself with your health.她应关心你的身体。
He indulged himself with the best of food.他尽情享受美食。
She abandoned herself to a life of pleasure.她尽情追逐欢乐。
He addressed himself to the main difficulty.他着手解决主要困难。
He dedicated himself to the cause of science.他献身科学事业。
He devoted himself entirely to music.他把自己完全奉献给音乐。
She had to familiarize herself with the new equipment.她得熟悉新设备。
You must accustom yourself to getting up early.你必须习惯于早起。
Youll have to accommodate yourself to the situation.你得适应形势。
He could not reconcile himself to failure.他不甘心失败。
He avenged himself on the enemy.他向敌人报了仇。
Many students absented themselves from the class.许多学生没来上课。
She did not care to go with them.她不想和他们一道去。
He chose to say nothing.他宁愿什么都不说。
Lester decided to move to Chicago immediately.莱斯特决定立即搬到芝加哥。
He determined to travel no further that night.他决心那天晚上不再往前走了。
She resolved not to go to the party.她决定不去参加晚会。
Douglas consented to be assistant editor.道格拉斯同意任助理编辑。
She threatened to kill herself.她威胁要自杀。
He refused to support us.他拒不支持我们。
He demanded to see my passport.他要求看我的护照。
He could not afford to be idle.他经不起闲呆着。
They managed to get what they wanted.他们设法得到了他们要的东西。
He tried to kill two birds with one stone.他设法一箭双雕。
He endeavoured to climb the mountain.他设法去爬那座山。
He undertook to pay off Godwins debts.他着手偿还戈德温的债务。
He deserved to be sent to prison.他应当被送进监牢。
He claimed to know everything.他自称什么都知道。
关于不定式作宾语的情况，可参阅第132节。
She didnt know how to answer.她不知道该怎么回答。
You ought to learn how to be patient.你应当学会有耐心。
She couldnt think what to give the children for Christmas.她想不出圣诞节该送孩子们什么礼物。
He forgot what to say.他忘了该说什么了。
I was wondering where to spend the weekend.我正在纳闷周末该在哪里过。
He will soon find out how to drive the car.不久他就会了解车怎么开。
Ill remember how to do this in future.以后我会记住该怎么做。
He explained how to use the parachute.他解释怎样使用降落伞。
aHe hastened to open the door.他赶紧去开门。
The crowd proceeded to attack the castle.群众开始进攻城堡。
No one ventured to ask any question.没人敢问问题。
bYoull grow to like the place.你会变得喜欢这个地方的。
How do you get to know it?这事你怎么知道的？
He came to realize that he was mistaken.他明白他错了。
She avoided answering their questions.她避免回答他们的问题。
He couldnt resist laughing.他禁不住笑了起来。
Would you mind waiting a few minutes?你可否等几分钟？
She couldnt help envying Nancy.她禁不住要羡慕南希。
He kept looking at her.他不断瞧她。
Why have they delayed answering our letter?他们为什么迟迟不回我们的信？
I finished reading the book last night.这本书我是昨晚看完的。
He considered giving a new course.他考虑开一门新课。
Some of them evaded paying income tax.他们有些人逃避交所得税。
It has stopped raining.雨已经停了。
I suggest bringing the meeting to an end.我建议结束会议。
Most students enjoy asking questions in English.多数学生都喜欢用英语提问。
No one will recommend teaching this kind of English to students.谁也不会推荐教这种英语给学生。
Fancy having to get up at 5 a.m. every day!想想每天早上五点钟就得起床！
He detests writing letters.他讨厌写信。
He denied making any statement to that effect.他否认发表过这样的声明。
He admitted having done it.他承认做了这事。
I cant imagine lying like that.我不能设想这样撒谎。
I couldnt risk missing the train.我不能冒误火车的风险。
I dont feel like going to the movie.我不想去看电影。
关于这种结构，可参阅第139节。
有时两种结构意思又不同。关于这个问题，可参阅第139节。
I think Id better be going.我想我该走了。
I believe it is going to flower this year.我相信今年它会开花。
I guess well leave now.我想我们要走了。
I knew she was against us.我知道她反对我们。
I hear you want a secretary.听说你需要一个秘书。
I hope the weather would be favourable.希望天气有利。
I saw that she was composed.我看到她很安祥。
He supposed it was too late to change his mind.他想改变主意已为时太晚。
I agree that your plan is better.我同意你的计划好些。
He says he really cant afford to wait another day.他说他的确经不起再等一天了。
This shows that he is not without a sense of humour.这说明他并不是没有幽默感。
Theyll prove to you that Im not lying.这些可以向你证明我不是在说谎。
I learned from his letter that he was in Spain.从他信中我知道他这时在西班牙。
I felt that she had a strong will.我感觉她有坚强的意志。
Newton found that all masses attract each other.牛顿发现一切物质都互相吸引。
He discovered that they were radicals.他发现他们是激进分子。
She sensed that he was hiding something.她感觉到他在隐瞒什么东西。
Ive read in a book that it was invented during the war.我在一本书里读到它是在战时发明的。
I suspect we11 be a little late.我想我们会晚到一点。
I dont doubt that you are honest.我不怀疑你是诚实的。
He admitted that his motive is profits.他承认他的动机是牟利。
I estimate itll take three months to build the house.我估计盖这座房子需要三个月。
She claimed that the ring was stolen not lost.她声称这只戒指是被偷掉的，而不是丢失的。
He replied that it was out of the question.他回答说这是不可能的。
He boasts that he is one of the best shots in the country.他夸口说他是国内最卓越的枪手。
I dreamed I was in a wood.我梦见我在一个树林中。
I suggest that we should have lunch right now.我建议我们现在就吃午饭。
He proposed that Mr. OLeary be the chairman.他提议奥列利先生担任主席。
I insisted that he should go with us.我坚持要他和我们一块儿去。
He commanded that we should attack at once.他命令我们立即发起进攻。
The King ordered that the man be released.国王命令释放那人。
The general directed that the prisoners should be set free.将军指示释放那些俘虏。
He demanded that John should go there at once.他要求约翰立即到那里去。
He requested that the Premier grant him an interview.他请求总理允许他采访。
He asks that he be given an opportunity to explain his case.他请求给他机会解释他的情况。
I recommend that each of you buy a personal computer.我建议你们每人买一台个人电脑。
I move that we accept the proposal.我提议通过这项提案。
He urged that they go to Europe.他敦促他们到欧洲去。
It is requested that a vote be taken：建议付诸表决。
It was proposed that this matter be considered at the next meeting.有人提议这事下次会议再讨论。
aI wish you wouldnt smoke any more I could help you.我希望你别再抽烟我能帮助你。
Id rather you didnt do it.你宁愿你别这样做。
I had rather you did it.我宁愿你来做这件事。
Id sooner you didnt ask me to speak.我宁愿你别让我发言。
bHe could not bear that his friends should laugh at him.他受不了他的朋友们笑他。
He preferred that such comments should cease.他愿意这类评论会停止。
God forbid that I should ever say nasty things about you.我保证不会说你的坏话。
cThe contract provides that he cannot work for another studio.合同规定他不得为别的制片厂工作。
Ill guarantee that he will come.我将保证他会来。
I promise Ill never conceal anything any more.我答应再也不隐瞒什么。
Police regulations prescribe that an officers number must be clearly visible.警察条例规定警官的号码应清楚可见。
He decided that he might as well have it out with her.他决定把这事和她谈清楚。
He determined that he would go at once.他决心马上就去。
I take it you have been out.我猜你刚出去回来。
You can put it that it was arranged before.你可以说这是以前安排的。
I have it on my conscience that I offended you.我得罪了你我心里一直不安。
Legend has it that Wu Sung is buried at Hangzhou.传说武松葬在杭州。
See to it that you are not late again.注意别再迟到了。
I took it for granted that you would stay with us.我肯定你会住在我们这里的。
Rumour has it that they eloped.谣传他们私奔了。
You may depend upon it that we shall never lose heart.你放心，我们绝不会灰心。
I wonder what they call these flowers.不知道他们把这些花叫什么。
Do you know who did it?你知不知道这是谁干的？
Do you see what I mean?你懂我的意思吗？
She asked what time it was.她问现在是什么时候了。
You can discuss which is the most exciting incident in the story.你们可以讨论哪是这个故事中最激动人心的事。
You had better hear what I have to say.你最好听听我想说的话。
Watch closely what I do.仔细瞧我怎么做的。
Mark carefully how it is done.仔细注意这是怎样做的。
Beware what you do with this dangerous substance.当心你怎样处理这危险物质。
Ill find out where they live.我来打听他们住在哪里。
No one ever learned what had become of him.没人知道他后来怎样了。
Ive forgotten where he lives.我忘了他住在哪里了。
I dont recollect remember when I saw her last.我不记得我上次是什么时候见到她的了。
Could you suggest where I can park the car?你能否提出在哪里我可以泊车？
Ill go I dont care what happens.我要去，我不管会发生什么情况。
He could not express what he felt.他无法表达他内心的感受。
They couldnt agree about who should do the work.他们没法就谁去干这工作取得一致意见。
No one can say how much longer the strike will last.谁也说不出罢工还会持续多久。
She described how she had narrowly escaped death.她描绘她怎样九死一生逃过一劫。
The enclosed letter will explain what has happened.附来的信会说明发生的情况。
That shows how little you know.这表明你多么无知。
Then he revealed what was troubling his mind.然后他透露出他的心事。
I will report to them what we are doing.我将向他们报告我们在这里干什么。
Astronomers can calculate when there will be eclipses of the moon.天文学家可以算出什么时候会有月蚀。
Can you prove where you were on May 3rd?你能证明你五月三日在哪里吗？
They are forecasting what the weather will be like tomorrow.他们正在预告明天的天气情况。
He exclaimed how late it was.他惊叫天竟然这么晚了。
She asked whether if he could stay another day.她问他是否可以再逗留一天。
I dont know whether you like these flowers.不知道你喜不喜欢这种花。
Ill see whether I can induce him to accept it.我要看看是否能劝说他接受这工作。
I wonder whether if its large enough.不知道它是否够大。
Ill see if he wants anything.我去看他是否需要什么。
He began to question if there was some truth in what she said.他开始质疑她的话是否有些道理。
I believed what she said.我相信了她说的话。
Please repeat what youve just said.请把你刚才说的话重复一遍。
She reported what she had seen to the police.她把见到的情况向警察报告了。
Show me what youve bought.把你买的东西拿给我看看。
We can not do what you asked of us.我们不能履行你对我们的要求。
I will do whatever you wish.我将做你愿意我做的一切事情。
Ill just say whatever comes into my head.我想到什么就说什么。
She can marry whoever she chooses.她愿意嫁谁就嫁谁。
Buy whichever is cheapest.买最便宜的。
I was wondering how to get how I could get there quickly.我不知道怎样能最快到达那里。
I dont know where to get in touch with him.我不知道该在哪里和他取得联系。
He discovered how to start the engine.他发现了怎样开动这台发动机。
Ill discuss with you what to do next.我将和你讨论下一步怎么办。
I cant decide whom to invite.我不能决定该邀请谁。
Have you learned how to ride a horse yet?你学会骑马了吗？
Ill think over what we had better do.我将考虑一下我们最好怎样做。
She didnt attend to what I was saying.她没倾听我说的话。
We talked about how we could cooperate.我们谈到该怎样合作。
That largely depends upon how you do it这在很大程度上取决于你怎样做。
He began to think about what he would do.他开始考虑他该怎么办。
We couldnt agree as to how it should be done.我们不能就该怎么办取得一致意见。
He hesitated about what he should do next.他犹豫下一步怎么办。
We could not agree as to how to best do it.我们不能就如何做最好取得一致意见。
Take no notice of what they are saying about you.不要理会他们讲的关于你的话。
Please make a guess at how old she is.请猜一猜她有多大年纪。
He gave an account of what had happened at home.他描述了家里发生的情况。
You have no idea of how worried I was!你不知道我多着急！
I had some doubt as to whether John would come on time.我有点怀疑约翰是否能准时到来。
She gave me a book a book to each of us.她给我一本书我们每人一本书。
He passed her the bread the bread to her.他把面包递给她。
Bill offered me a sandwich.比尔拿给我一份三明治。
He left me some money.他给我留下一些钱。
Throw me the ball please.请把球扔给我。
Allow yourself an hour to get to the airport.给你自己一小时时间到达机场。
They accorded her a warm welcome.他们给予她热烈的欢迎。
We awarded John the first prize.我们颁给约翰头等奖。
They denied the prisoner all freedom.他们剥夺了那囚犯的一切自由。
Shell forward you the parcel right away.她将立即把包裹转给你。
You could pay you a small royalty.我们可以付给你一小笔版税。
Can you advance me a months salary?你可否预支给我一个月的薪水？
Ill lend you fifty dollars.我将借给你五十美元。
The bank loaned him 5000.银行贷给他五千英镑。
Will you sell me your bike?你可不可以把自行车卖给我？
She told us a very interesting story.她给我们讲了一个非常有趣的故事。
Ill pay you a visit next week.下星期我来看望你。
He wrote us the latest news.他写信告诉了我们最新的消息。
She showed me her stamp collection.她把她集的邮票拿给我看。
She taught me a great deal about life.她教给我许多关于人生的事。
Can you recommend me a doctor good book?你能向我推荐一位医生一本好书吗？
Please fax me a reply to my letter.请把给我的回信用传真发给我。
He had promised Lanny an allowance.他曾答应给兰尼一份津贴。
That will do you no harm.这不会给你造成损害。
I hope this will not cause you any inconvenience.希望这不会给你造成不便。
I telephoned her the sad news of her sisters death.我打电话通知了她姐姐过世的不幸消息。
She sang us a Japanese song a Japanese song for us.她给我们唱了一首日本歌曲。
Nancy made me a sandwich.南希给我做了一份三明治。
He ordered them some new clothes.他给他们订购了一些新衣服。
She cooked her husband a delicious meal.她给她丈夫做了一顿可口的饭菜。
He built me a model ship out of wood.他用木头给我雕了一只模型船。
I asked her to fetch me an evening paper.我请她给我把晚报拿来。
I think I can find you something to do.我想我能给你找到事情做。
Play us something happy.给我们弹一点欢快的曲子。
Please cut me a piece of cake.请给我切一块蛋糕。
Shall I pour you some water?我要不要给你倒点水？
That will save us a lot of money.这会给我们省很多钱。
Let me fix you a drink.我给你去弄点饮料。
Choose me a good one.给我挑一个好的。
Use the telephone and spare yourself a visit.打个电话，省得你自己跑一趟。
Ill buy you some clothes tomorrow.明天我去给你买些衣服。
He has played me a mean trick a mean trick on me.他给我开了一个恶劣的玩笑。
She flung him a scornful look a scornful look at him.她鄙夷地望了他一眼。
She flashed him a despairing glance.她绝望地望了他一眼。
She shot him a distrustful look.她不信任地望了他一眼。
The news dealt me a severe blow.这消息给了我严重的打击。
She still bore him a grudge a grudge against him.她仍然对他怀有怨恨情绪。
Why do you ask me such a question?你为什么问我这样一个问题？
I envy you your health.我羡慕你的好身体。
Ill never forgive you that lie.我永远不会原谅你撒的那个谎。
We must pardon him his little faults.我们必须原谅他的小缺点。
They fined him 25.他们罚了他二十五美金。
This heroic deed cost him his life.这个英勇的行为使他丧失了生命。
Her rudeness lost her the job.她的粗鲁无礼使她丟失了那份工作。
She netted herself a rich husband.她给自己找到一个有钱的丈夫。
He struck the door a heavy blow.他重重地敲了一下门。
She kissed her mother goodbye.他吻别了她的妈妈。
Ive come to keep you company.我来给你作伴的。
The teacher set his students a difficult problem.老师给学生们出了一道难题。
He dropped me a hint on the subject.对这问题他给我做了一点暗示。
You shouldnt call him names.你不应当骂他。
I mean you no harm.我对你没有恶意。
She tells me that youve been unwell.她告诉我你近来不太舒服。
She informed him that she was to send for it the next day.她通知他她将在第二天派人来取。
May I remind you that the dinnerbell will ring presently?我可否提醒你吃午饭的铃马上就要响了？
He notified us that he was coming here on a visit.他通知我们他即将来此访问。
I assure you that this medicine cannot harm you.我向你保证这药对你不会有害。
We have advised her that we are coming.我们已通知她我们即将到来。
He wrote me that he would be arriving on Wednesday.他给我写信说他星期三到。
She convinced me that Howard was innocent.她让我相信霍华德是无辜的。
She persuaded him that she was telling the truth.她让他相信她讲的是真话。
He warned us that the roads were icy.他警告我们道路上结了冰。
Youve got to promise me that you wont do that again.你必须答应我再也不这样做。
We flatter ourselves that we can do without their help.我们自认为我们可以不需要他们的帮助。
I seized the opportunity to inform her who he was.我抓住机会告诉她他是谁。
Write me how you got home.写信告诉我你怎样到家的。
He taught the children why they should love their country.他教导孩子们为什么他们要热爱祖国。
Show me where your leg hurts.告诉我，你的腿什么地方疼。
Ill tell you what Ive been thinking.我将告诉你我一直在想什么。
Please advise me whether I should accept the offer.请帮我出主意我是否应接受这份工作。
I asked her if I might call and see her.我问她我可否去看她。
Will you tell me how to do it?你可否告诉我应当怎样做？
He patiently showed them how to operate the machine.他耐心地教他们怎样开机器。
They will teach her how to run the farm.他们将教她怎样管理农场。
Please inform me how to find his house.请告诉我怎样找到他的家。
He advised her where to stay.她帮她出主意住哪儿。
Shes been ill for over a month.她病了一个多月。
I hope shell be well soon.我希望她不久能痊愈。
I felt a bit dizzy.我感到有点头晕。
She looked rather nervous.她显得有些紧张。
Roses smell sweet.玫瑰花有香味。
These oranges taste nice.这些橘子味道很好。
How sweet the music sounds!这音乐听起来多优美！
She seemed a little tired.她似乎有点累。
You appeared all right when I left.我走时你还显得没事的。
She was sound asleep widely awake all alone still alive a bit afraid.她睡得很熟完全醒了，孤单一人，仍然活着，有点害怕。
Mrs. Gerhardt became very fond of her.盖哈特太太变得很喜欢她了。
Soon it got dark.很快天黑了。
She had grown thinner and thinner.她越来越瘦了。
He turned pale at the thought.想到这他脸色变得苍白。
Hughes had gone mad.修斯疯了。
What he had hoped at last came true.他的希望最后实现了。
The little pond ran dry.那座小池塘干涸了。
The child soon fell asleep.孩子很快睡着了。
Once he made bold to ask her to accompany him to a party.有一次他鼓起勇气要求她陪他去参加一个晚会。
His advice did prove sound.他的主意终于证明是对的。
The examination turned out quite easy.结果表明考试相当容易。
His face remained expressionless.他脸上仍然没有表情。
The shop stays open till seven oclock.商店一直开到七点。
He continued silent.他继续沉默着。
She knew she must keep calm.她知道她必须保持冷静。
Will the weather hold warm?气会继续暖和吗？
You can rest assured that Ill do my best.你可以放心我会尽力而为的。
The water feels warm.水摸起来很暖和。
This material has worn thin.这料子已经磨得很薄了。
His promises rang false to me.他的诺言我听起来不够诚恳。
The door blew open.门被风刮开了。
aThe tea smells inviting.这茶香味扑鼻。
The cake looks tempting.蛋糕很吸引人。
A swim in cold water is very invigorating.在冷水里游泳使人感到清新。
The plight of the starving natives is appalling.土著居民挨饿的状态使人吃惊。
It is astonishing to me that he should absent.他竟未出席令我惊讶。
Many of his ideas were amusing to her.他的许多想法使她感到有趣。
My teacher is both gentle and encouraging towards me.我的老师对我既温和又多方鼓励。
Its annoying to be interrupted.让人打扰是很令人不高兴的。
bShe felt drawn to him.她感到受他吸引。
He looked annoyed.他显出不高兴的样子。
Dont get lost.不要迷路了。
We were all worried about her safety.我们都为她的安全担心。
He seemed embarrassed.他似乎有点尴尬。
She appeared perplexed.她显得迷惑不解。
I grew excited and a little frightened.我变得激动起来，也有点害怕。
Please remain seated.请不要站起来。
关于这类结构，可参阅第144及149节。
One of the tigers broke loose.一只老虎从笼子里跑出来了。
He arrived safe and sound.他平安无事地到达了。
Sunday dawned beautiful and cloudless.星期天天亮时，天气晴朗，明净无云。
Many talented people died young.许多有才华的人年纪轻轻就死了。
He married young.他很年轻就结了婚。
He sat motionless.他一动不动地坐着。
He lay dead on the floor.他死了躺在地板上。
She stood irresolute not knowing how to meet the situation.她犹豫不定地站着，不知该如何应付局面。
Its becoming a serious problem.这正在成为一个严重问题。
He has turned botanist politician.他成了植物学家当了政客。
It proved a great success.结果很成功。
He isnt feeling quite himself this morning.他今天早上感到不太舒服。
It remained a complete mystery.这一直完全是一个谜。
He looks a nice reliable young man.他看起来是一个不错的可靠年轻人。
It appears to be a true story.这似乎是一个真实的故事。
She seems an unusually clever girl.她似乎是一个聪慧过人的姑娘。
She sounded a modest woman.她听起来是一位很谦虚的女子。
I fell a prey to evil dreams.我开始受噩梦折磨。
It turned out a disaster.结果是一场灾难。
From these heated debates the Prime Minister emerged victor.在这些激烈的争论中首相获得胜利。
He died a millionaire martyre.他死时是一位百万富翁成了烈士。
They parted the best of friends.他们分手时成了最好的朋友。
Dont act the fool.别发傻了。
They decided to play truant and go fishing.他们决定逃学去钓鱼。
He was all attention cordiality sweetness.他聚精会神十分诚恳，非常和蔼可亲。
She is all tears smiles skin and bones.她泪流满面满脸堆笑，骨瘦如柴。
All this is no use.这一切都没有用。
They are the same size age.它们同样大小他们同样年龄。
Is Mary in?玛丽在家吗？
I havent been out much recently.最近我没太出去。
I must be off now.我得走了。
Ill be around again this afternoon.今天下午我再来。
Is Stanley about?斯坦利在附近吗？
Ill only be away for a couple of days.我只离开一两天。
He hid the money when nobody was by.附近没人时他把钱藏了起来。
Shell be down in a minute.她一会儿就下楼来。
The light televisionis still on.电灯电视还开着。
The war is over.战争结束了。
Are you through with you work?你干完了吗？
He isnt up yet.他还没起床。
Ill be along in a minute.我一会儿就来。
Her bedroom is just above.她的房间就在上面。
The grocery was below.杂货店在下面。
The stretchers will be across at six a.m.担架清晨六点就要运过来。
The taxi is outside.出租车在外面。
Are the children back yet?孩子们回来了吗？
Hell be round in the morning.他早上来。
Whats inside!里面是什么？
Ill be home around five oclock.我五点左右回家。
Who are there?那儿是谁？
How long have you been abroad?你在国外多久了？
Two trees are down.两棵树倒了。
The barriers were down.障碍消除了。
The telephone wires are down.电线刮倒了。
One tire is down.一个车胎瘪了。
Sales are down.销售量下降了。
The tide was down.潮退了。
The temperature is down.气温下降了。
The curtain is down.幕落下了。
Their votes were down.他们的选票减少了。
Her head was down.她的头低着。
The birthrate is down.出生率下降了。
Hes down with flu.他患流感了。
Everybody is down on her.谁都看不起她。
Is the gas off?煤气关上了吗？
He told me that the trip was off.他告诉我旅行取消了。
Her shoes are off.她的鞋脱掉了。
The match is off.球赛取消了。
She is off on Saturday.她星期六不工作。
The wedding is off.婚礼取消了。
The cover is off.罩子已经拿掉。
Subscriptions are off.订阅量下降了。
The milk is off.牛奶坏了。
The agreement is off.协议失效了。
The applepie is off.苹果馅饼坏了。
Christmas is not far off.圣诞节不远了。
This cheese is a bit off.这干酪有点坏了。
The electricity is off.断电了。
The sun was out.太阳出来了。
I was out in my calculations.我算错了。
The book was out.这本书借出去了。
The daffodils are out.水仙花开了。
The secret is out.机密泄漏了。
The book is out.这书已出版了。
The truth is out at last.终于真相大白。
Is the result out?结果发表了吗？
The candle was out.蜡烛熄灭了。
The workers are out.工人们罢工了。
Soon the first game was out.不久第一场比赛结束了。
The conservatives are out.保守党下台了。
Youre out this time.这次你错了。
Short skirts are out.短裙不时兴了。
That road is out.那条路不通行了。
Thats completely out.这完全不可能。
I was up last night.我昨晚没睡觉。
The price of meat is up.肉价上涨了。
Shell be up in a day or two.她一两天后就可以起来了。
The tide is up.涨潮了。
Time is up.时间到了。
The wind was up again.又起风了。
His leave is up tomorrow.他的假期明天结束。
Her hand was up.她的手举了起来。
The sun is up already.太阳已经出来了。
The blind was up.遮阳帘拉起来了。
The flag is up.旗升起来了。
The temperature is up 10 degrees.气温上升了十度。
Unemployment is up.失业率上升了。
The new house hasnt been up long.那座新房子没盖起多久。
Sales are up.销售量有了提高。
You keep away from those chaps.你避开那些家伙。
I feel down today.我今天情绪很低沉。
He looks awfully down.他显得情绪很低。
She stayed up reading until midnight.她一直没睡看书直到深夜。
He seemed terribly down about his defeat.他对他的失败感到极其沮丧。
Whats all this about?这都是怎么回事？
We shall soon be across the channel.我们很快就可渡过海峡了。
The police were after him.警察正在追捕他。
It was against the law.这是违法的。
Shelley is among the worlds greatest poets.雪莱是世界上最伟大的诗人之一。
How far is it from here?Just around the comer.它离这儿远吗？就在拐角处。
The country was at war peace then.那时国家处于战争状态和平之中。
He was behind the others in ability.他的能力比其他人差。
He is beneath contempt.他卑鄙之极。
That remark is entirely beside the question point.这话完全不关正题。
All this is between ourselves.这些我们只是私下说说。
Its beyond human power.这是人力所不能及的。
It is by one of our most celebrated painters.这是我们最出名画家之一的作品。
I was down Regent Street doing a bit of shopping.我在瑞金街买点东西。
The letter is from my wife.这信是我妻子寄来的。
The roses were in flower.玫瑰开花了。
He had only been inside our house twice.他只来过我们家两次。
She is like a narcissus trembling in the wind.她像一朵在风中颤抖的水仙花。
His opinion is near my own.他的看法接近我自己的看法。
We are of the same opinion.我们的意见是一致的。
At the moment the boxer was off guard.这时这拳击手没有警惕。
He was on the alert at once.他立即警惕起来。
She had never yet been outside England.她还从未离开过英国。
Who is over you in your new job?在你的新工作单位谁是你的上司？
It was past one oclock when he came in.他回来时已经一点多了。
Its just round the corner.它就在拐角处。
We have been through too much.我们经历的事太多了。
Ive never been to any parties.我从未参加过晚会。
His salary is under 2000.他的薪水不到两千英镑。
His office is up the stairs.他的办公室在楼上。
The Christmas holiday will soon be upon us.圣诞节即将来临。
Diana was with the children.戴安娜和孩子们在一起。
The task was within his power.这项任务在他的能力之内。
We had been poor and without influence.我们无钱又无势。
He was at his office.他在办公室里。
She was not at ease.她感到不安。
His ideas were at variance with ours.他的意见和我们不一致。
He was at his work now.他现在正在工作。
Lanny was at a disadvantage.兰尼处于不利地位。
Hes at odds with his wife.他与他妻子不合。
Summer was at its height.正值盛夏。
She was at her worst.她情绪现在最糟。
He was still at his correspondence.他还在写信。
They were at their meal.他们正在吃饭。
Ruth was at the piano.露丝正在弹钢琴。
The blossom was at its brightest.花开得正盛。
Bus services were at a halt.公共汽车业务停顿了。
We were at school together.我们在一起上学。
She was at her happiest in her home.她在家心情最好。
Shes always at him.她老找他的茬儿。
What are you at?你在干什么？
Business was at a standstill.业务停滞了。
She was at the end of her resources.她智竭力穷。
Im at the end of my forces.我已力气用尽。
The road is beyond that hill.公路在山那边。
The rumour is beyond belief.这谣言不可信。
The house is beyond the bridge.房子在桥那边。
She is beyond my control.她是我控制不了的。
The explanation is beyond me.这解释我不懂。
All this is beyond my comprehension.这一切我都无法理解。
This place is beyond my means.这地方超过我的财力。
These results were beyond dispute.这些结果无可争辩。
The scene was beyond description.这景色无法描绘。
The stars are beyond number.有无数星星。
They are beyond my means.这些我买不起。
Our stand is beyond reproach.我们的立场是无可厚非的。
He is beyond redemption.他已不可救药。
His conduct is beyond criticism.他的行为无可非议。
The pain was beyond human endurance.这种痛苦是人无法忍受的。
He was beyond the help of the doctor.他是医生无法治疗的。
The telephone was in the study.电话在书房里。
His clothes were in rags.他衣衫褴褛。
Hes still in danger.他仍处于危险期。
Hes in good spirits.他情绪很好。
The girl was in tears.这姑娘满脸眼泪。
Johns in a bad temper.约翰情绪很糟。
The house was in ruins.房子已成废墟。
Im wounded and in pain.我受伤了很疼。
She is in good health.她身体很好。
She was in despair.她处于绝望之中。
The room was in disorder.房间很乱。
Im in doubt about it.我对此感到怀疑。
He had never been in love before.他从未恋爱过。
She was in great agitation.她很激动不安。
He was in his early twenties.他二十一二岁。
His mind was in confusion.他脑子里很乱。
The book is in two parts.这书分两部分。
They were in mourning.他们在带孝守丧。
You are in the right.你是对的。
She was in the wrong.她错了。
She is in fine voice tonight.她今晚嗓音很好。
The meeting was in progress.会议正在开。
Nobody was in opposition.没人反对。
A revolution was in full swing.革命正处于高潮。
The Labour Party was in power.工党在执政。
The letter was in French.这信是用法语写的。
Im quite in earnest.我是很认真的。
Shes in plain clothes.她穿着朴素的衣裳。
Congress was in session.国会正在开会。
The enemy are in flight.敌军正在逃窜。
He was heavily in debt.他负债累累。
They are of middle height.他们中等身材。
He was of feeble will.他意志薄弱。
He is of the same opinion.他也有同样看法。
Jennie is of a peculiar disposition.珍妮性格很特殊。
He is of a different way of thinking.他是另一种想法。
Is it of any use to you?这对你有用吗？
Her dress was of dark crimson.她的连衣裙是深红色。
They tried artificial respiration but it was of no avail.他们试着做人工呼吸但没有用。
Were of the same nationality.我们是同一国籍的人。
Its not of much value.这没有多大价值。
He was of a different temperament.他是另一种性格。
Would it be of benefit to her?这会对她有好处吗？
Her gown was of black velvet.她的袍子是黑色丝绒的。
I hope it will be of assistance to you.我希望这对你有帮助。
I think this will be of some service to you.我想这对你会有些用。
They are of the same sex.他们是同一性别。
He was always on the move.他总是东跑西颠。
He is always on his guard.他一直很警惕。
He is on the watch for such things.他很警惕这种事。
He is on the defensive now.他现在处于守势。
Be on the lookout for pickpockets.谨防扒手。
Shes always on the go.她老是忙忙碌碌。
She was on night duty.她值夜班。
Shes on The Times newspaper.她在泰晤士报工作。
The enemy are on the run.敌人正在逃窜。
She was on piecework.她在做计件工作。
Whos on the phone?谁来的电话？
She is on tour in Europe.她在欧洲旅行。
I was on my holidays.那时我正在休假。
Crimes were on the rise.犯罪率在上升。
The dockers are on strike.码头工人在罢工。
He was on night work.他值夜班。
We are on a picnic now.我们现在正在野餐。
Charles was on his rounds.查尔斯正在查病房。
The nurse was on call.护士听候召唤。
He is not on board yet.他还没上船。
The show is on the air.演出正在转播。
It was on the brink of war.它正处于战争边缘。
He was out of employment.他失业了。
He must be out of his senses.他一定是发疯了。
He seemed out of humour.他似乎情绪不大好。
He was out of breath.他气喘吁吁。
Ive been out of touch with her.我一直和她没有联系。
He was out of cigarettes.他香烟抽完了。
The grocer was out of coffee.杂货店咖啡卖完了。
She was a bit out of practice.她有点荒疏了。
Im a little out of sorts.我有点不舒服。
He is out of tune with the times.他和时代不合拍。
The station was out of use.车站废弃不用了。
Rest was out of the question.休息已不可能。
The violinist is out of tune.小提琴手走调了。
Peaches are out of season.桃子下市了。
You are well out of that business.你不参与此事很好。
The juggler was out of the ordinary.那个杂耍演员不同凡响。
I was out of my element.我与环境格格不入。
Im out of sympathy with them.我不同情他们。
All the children are under seven.所有孩子都不到七岁。
The road is under repair.道路正在修理。
The subject is under discussion.问题正在讨论。
Im under instructions not to say anything.我奉命不得发表任何言论。
I was under obligation to tell them.我有责任告诉他们。
Im under the weather.我身子不太舒服。
He was under oxygen.他正在输氧。
The fort was under attack.要塞正受到攻击。
I am under his treatment.我正由他治疗。
Hes been under a strain.他一直很劳累。
Youre under arrest.你被捕了。
He was under fire.他受到批评。
He was under age.他年龄不够。
The land is under water.这块地被水淹了。
The Indians remained in deep poverty.印第安人仍生活在深重的穷困之中。
He seemed on the verge of reconsiliation with them.他似乎处在和他们和解的边缘。
You seem out of temper today.你今天情绪似乎不大好。
The soldiers ran out of ammunition.士兵们没有弹药了。
The church should keep out of politics.教会不应当参与政治。
Well let you know as soon as production gets under way.一等生产上轨道我们就通知你。
I wish I could get out of debt.但愿我能偿清债务。
He looked in splendid health.他看起来身体很好。
It has grown out of fashion.它已变得过时。
Who is in charge of this work?谁负责这项工作？
The general is in command of the army.这位将军指挥这支军队。
He was danger of losing his life.他有丧失性命的危险。
The thief was in fear of the police.小偷害怕警察。
These ballads are of special interest to us.这些歌谣我们特别感兴趣。
You can keep the dictionary if it is of any use to you.这本字典如果对你有用可以留下。
His actions were not in line with his beliefs.他的行为不符合他的信仰。
I was at a loss for words.我不知说什么好。
His actions are not in keeping with his promises.他的行为不符合他的诺言。
He is quite at home with problems like this.他很熟悉这类问题。
I was just on the point of going when you came.我正要去，你来了。
She fell in love with the house at once.她马上爱上了这座房子。
My only wish is to do whats best for you.我唯一的愿望是做对你最好的事。
My duty is to protect my sisters.我的职责是保护我的妹妹们。
His goal is to be a doctor.他的目标是当一名医生。
Her objective is to get a college education.她的目标是接受大学教育。
Her ambition was to be a cinema actress.她的志愿是当一名电影演员。
My plan was to go from Lyon to Paris.我的计划是从里昂到巴黎。
His strategy is to win the war with air power.他的战略是以空军制胜。
The best tactic is to confess and ask her forgiveness.最好的办法是认错请求她宽恕。
My advice to you is to speak the truth.我对你的忠告是讲真话。
But worse was to follow.但更坏的情况还在后头。
The problem was to find the right place quickly.问题是迅速找到合适的地方。
The thing is to get ahead.要紧的是取得进展。
Some books are to be read for pleasure.有些书是看着好玩的。
Thats not to be taken too seriously.这不可看得太认真。
These pills are to be taken three times a day after meals.这些丸药每天吃三次，饭后吃。
This house is to be let.这栋房子出租。
Surely she was to be trusted.肯定她是值得信赖的。
Nobody is to blame for it.这谁也不怨。
These rooms are to let.这些房间出租。
To see is to believe.眼见为实。
To talk to him is to talk to a wall.和他谈是对牛弹琴。
To do that is to ruin yourself.这样做只会毁掉你自己。
To do this is to cut the foot to fit the shoe.这样做是削足适履。
His job is tuning the piano.他的任务是给钢琴调音。
Her hobby is growing roses.她的爱好是种植玫瑰。
His chief interest is playing chess.他的主要兴趣是下棋。
My favourite sport is skiing.我最喜欢的运动是滑雪。
One of my weaknesses is smoking too much.我的缺点之一是抽烟太多。
Our problem is not having sufficient raw material.我们的问题是原料不足。
Seeing is believing.眼见为实。
Denying this will be shutting ones eyes to facts.否认这一点就是睁眼不看事实。
Buying such a white elephant is simply wasting money.买这样大而无用的东西完全是浪费金钱。
Doing that was playing with fire.这样做是玩火。
The trouble with you is you wont listen.你的问题是不听别人的话。
Sophias idea was that they should lock up the house.索菲娅的想法是他们应把屋子锁上。
My secret hope was that one day I should become an author.我暗中希望我有一天成为作家。
My opinion is that you ought to go together.我的意见是你们应当一道去。
My view is that the scheme seems unworkable.我的看法是这个计划似乎行不通。
The fact is that he doesnt really try.事实是他没有做真正的努力。
The reason was that he was afraid.原因是他害怕。
Your greatest fault is that youre careless.你最大的缺点就是粗心大意。
His only thought was that she might do something desperate.他唯一的想法是她可能做出不顾后果的事。
What surprised me was that she spoke English so well.使我惊奇的是她的英语讲得这么好。
The question is what you want to do.问题是你想干什么。
The problem is who can be put in charge of the work.问题是谁能来负责此事。
The point is whether we ought to recommend him.问题是我们是否应当推荐他。
What I want to know is when all this happened.我想知道的是这些都是什么时候发生的。
What I dont understand is why they are against the idea.我不理解的是他们为什么反对这个想法。
Thats where we differ.这是我们的分歧所在。
So thats how matters stand.因此情况就是这样。
Thats why I came round.这就是我来的原因。
The coat is where you left it.大衣还在你原来放的地方。
April is when the lilacs bloom.四月是丁香开花的季节。
I want to be a teacher. Thats what I want to be.我想当老师，这就是我的志愿。
Thats what I ought to do.这是我的本分。
Thats what I hope.这正是我希望的。
Times arent what they were.时代不同了。
She was afraid of snakes She feared snakes.她怕蛇。
We are short of fund We lack fund.我们缺乏资金。
His views are similar to mine.你的看法接近我的看法。
She is fond of classical music.她喜欢古典音乐。
He was frightened of the police.他害怕警察。
He was conscious of his shortcomings.他意识到他的缺点。
You must be more attentive to your studies.你要更注意你的学习。
Papa is delighted with him.爸爸很喜欢他。
They were pleased with his painting.他们很欣赏他的画。
John is sick of his job.约翰讨厌他的工作。
Im not interested in going.我没有兴趣去。
Shes proud of what youve done.她为你的成就感到骄傲。
Im tired of living abroad.我在外国住已经厌烦了。
We were confident of victory.我们有胜利的信心。
Im worried about you.我为你发愁。
Im disappointed with you.我对你很失望。
Im sorry about for whats happened.我对发生的事感到难过。
Im glad about the new job of the chance.对这新工作有这机会我感到高兴。
Hes not equal to the task.他不胜任这个工作。
Steel is composed of iron and a number of other elements.钢由铁和一些其他元素构成。
Martin was ignorant of literature.马丁对文学一无所知。
The old song is suggestive of my youth.这首老歌使我想起我的青年时代。
He was bent on making them happy.他一心想使他们快乐。
She was accustomed used to hard work.她习惯于干累活。
He is well qualified for the job.他很有条件干这工作。
The age was productive of men of genius.那个时代人才辈出。
Im sure of about his ability to cope with this.我肯定他有能力应付此事。
I was surprised at his tone.我对他的口气感到惊讶。
I was amazed at the sight.看到这景象我感到惊讶。
Shes capable of taking care of herself.她有能力照顾自己。
She looked astonished at the news.听了这消息她显得很吃惊。
Youll get used to it.我会对此变得习惯起来。
Ive grown accustomed to looking after you.我已习惯于照顾你了。
I didnt feel capable of doing it.我不觉得我能办好此事。
Youll soon get tired of me.不久你就会对我感到厌倦。
They seem delighted with the result.他们似乎对结果很满意。
She looked rather disappointed about it.她对此显得相当失望。
Were running short of bread.我们的面包不够了。
Your exam results fell short of my expectations.你的考试成绩没达到我的期望。
Now he became conscious of the danger.现在他意识到这个危险了。
She remained ignorant of what had happened.对发生的情况她仍然一无所知。
He proved quite equal to the task.他证明完全能胜任这项工作。
She became very keen on photography.她对摄影变得很有兴趣。
Im sorry to bother you with all this.对不起用这些事麻烦你。
Were so glad to see you back.看到你回来我们很高兴。
He was happy to be coming home.他回家很高兴。
Shes sure to find out tonight.她今晚一定会发现。
Im proud to be your friend.当你的朋友我感到骄傲。
Im really anxious to see him.我的确急于见他。
Gavin was eager to visit us.加文很想来看望我们。
Hes very keen to see his birthplace again.他迫切想重访他的出生地。
Hes always ready to help his friends.他总是乐于帮助朋友。
He seemed willing to consider the idea.他似乎很愿意考虑这个意见。
The children were impatient to start.孩子们迫不及待地想出发。
Im inclined to agree with you.我倾向于同意你的意见。
She was afraid to tell you.她害怕告诉你。
He was determined to win the game.他决心赢得这场比赛。
She was prepared to face the consequences.她准备面对后果。
He is liable to catch cold.他很容易感冒。
John is apt to be careless.约翰常常粗心大意。
Everybody was reluctant to leave the party.大家都舍不得离开晚会。
Im very pleased to meet you.会见你我很高兴。
They were content to be together.他们在一起很高兴。
Im afraid you dont see my point.恐怕你没懂我的意思。
Im sorry Im late.对不起我来晚了。
She was frightened her mother wouldnt come back.她害怕她妈不回来了。
Im sure smoking hurts you.我肯定抽烟对你有害。
She was glad that she had controlled herself.她很高兴她控制住了自己。
Im convinced that she is innocent.我相信她是无辜的。
She was confident that she would find work.她有信心会找到工作。
He was disappointed that you were not coming.你不来他感到失望。
We are certain that he will get over his illness.我们肯定他的病会痊愈。
I am positive that the boy I saw was Jim.我肯定我看到的男孩是吉姆。
Everyone was aware that they were in conflict.大家都知道他们之间有矛盾。
I am surprised I didnt see all that before.我很惊奇我过去没看出这些。
I was delighted that you were successful.我很高兴你获得成功。
You must be thankful your wifes arrived safely.你要谢天谢地你妻子安全到达。
He was conscious he must do all this.他明白这一切都是他应当做的。
Im still hopeful that he will come.我仍然相信他会来。
Im so happy that you could visit us.我很高兴你能来看望我们。
I was worried that you wouldnt find me.我还担心你会找不到我哩。
He was annoyed that she had forgotten his birthday.她忘了他的生日他感到不快。
He was upset that Mr. Raid was leaving.雷德先生要走了他很难过。
Im irritated that he is so stubborn.他是那样固执，我感到发烦。
The team feels proud that it has won every match this year.这个队今年每次比赛都获胜他们感到骄傲。
We were fearful she might harm herself.我们担心她会伤害自己。
Father was regretful he couldnt send us to college.父亲感到遗憾没能送我们上大学。
You were lucky they didnt rob you of all you had.你算幸运他们没抢去你所有的东西。
Im astonished that he didnt come.我很惊异他没来。
Im not certain whether he will come.我不能肯定他是否会来。
Im doubtful what I ought to do.我犹豫该怎么办。
Im not sure where she lives.我不能肯定她住在哪里。
Im worried about how the money was spent.我发愁钱是怎么花掉的。
She wasnt aware how cold it was.她不知道天有多冷。
I am quite clear what I ought to do.我很明确我该怎么办。
They were uncertain whether they ought to go.他们不能肯定他们是否该去。
He found the room empty.他发现房间是空的。
What made you so angry?什么使你这样生气？
She painted the door yellow.她把门漆成了黄色。
Keep the door open.把门开着。
Do you think it necessary?你认为这有必要吗？
He felt himself very ignorant.他感到自己很无知。
Ill first get the supper ready.我先去把晚饭准备好。
We wished the work complete but it wasnt.我们希望这作品是完整的，但它不完整。
Most people considered him innocent.多数人都认为他是无辜的。
I imagined her slight and frail.我想象她是个子小很虚弱。
I want the letter ready by tomorrow.我要这封信明天就准备好。
Everyone supposes him poor but hes really quite wealthy.大家都以为他很穷，其实他很有钱。
An accused man is presumed innocent until proved guilty.被指控的人在被证明有罪之前应认为是无罪的。
You should count yourself lucky to have escaped serious injury.你没受重伤应感到幸运。
I believed him to be honest.我相信他是诚实的。
I call that dishonest.我认为这是不老实。
Then he declared the rally open.然后他宣布大会开始。
He accounted himself lucky to be alive.他认为自己活着是幸运的。
They held him responsible for the damage.他们认为他应对损坏负责。
The doctor pronounced the man dead.医生宣布这人死亡。
He professed himself unhappy with the price.他声称对这价格不满意。
She confessed herself to be guilty.她承认自己有罪。
He has shown himself trustworthy.他表现得值得人信赖。
I like my tea strong.我喜欢喝浓茶。
The pain nearly drove him mad.疼痛几乎使他发疯了。
The noise sent him crazy.这嘈杂的声音使他要发疯了。
I cut him short in the middle of his explanation.他解释时我打断了他的话。
Have your ticket ready.把票准备好。
If anything I say is not correct please put me right.如果我什么话说得不对，请纠正我。
His remark rendered me speechless.他的话使我无言以对。
Sat your hat straight.把帽子戴正。
The cold weather turned the leaves red.寒冷的天气使树叶变红。
His illness has left him very weak.他的病使他身子很虚弱。
The swindler bled his victim white.那个骗子把那受骗人的钱榨光了。
He pushed the door open.他把门推开。
She slammed the door shut.她砰地一声把门关上。
She shot him dead.她开枪把他打死。
They beat him unconscious.他们把他打得不醒人事。
Sweep the floor clean.把地扫干净。
He knocked her senseless.他把她打得不醒人事。
He shouted himself hoarse.他把声音都叫得嘶哑了。
She dyed the curtains purple.她把窗帘染成了紫色。
They had pumped the well dry.他们把井水打干了。
He stained the wood brown.他把木头染成褐色。
They later slept themselves sober.后来他们睡了一觉清醒过来。
She stripped the child naked and put him in the bath.她把孩子的衣服脱光并把他放在澡盆里。
They decided to set him free.他们决定释放他。
I felt it necessary to speak about my shortcomings.我感到有必要谈谈我的缺点。
I have to make it clear that my family is poor.我得说清楚我家里很穷。
They judged it better to start at once.他们认为马上动身好一些。
I think it best that you should stay here.我认为你留在这里最好。
We dont consider it possible to set back the clock of history.我们认为要使历史的时钟倒转是不可能的。
He deemed it wise to refuse the offer.他认为拒绝这项工作是明智的。
She found it hard to answer the question.她发现回答这问题很困难。
They kept it quiet that he was dead.他死了的消息他们没说出去。
They elected him President.他们选他作总统。
They made her their leader.他们让她当了他们的领导人。
The Prime Minister nominated him Ambassador to France.首相任命他为驻法大使。
They appointed him vice director.他们任命他为副院长。
Dont be formal call me Jack.不要太正式，叫我杰克好了。
They named their child Janet.他们给孩子取名珍妮特。
They dubbed him Fatty because he was so fat.他们管他叫胖胖，因为他很胖。
They christened the boat The Aurora.他们给船命名为曙光号。
Those people have branded him a thief.那些人把他称作贼。
He has no right to term himself a professor.他无权把自己称作教授。
His enemies labelled him a communist.他的敌人把他称作是共产党人。
He entitled the book Crime and Punishment.他把这书题名为罪与罚。
She counted herself a fortunate wife.她认为自己是一个幸福的妻子。
They considered her a superb tennis player.他们认为她是高超的网球运动员。
Jennie thought this good advice.珍妮认为这是好主意。
I never supposed him to be a hero.我从来不认为他是英雄。
The critics voted the show a success.评论家公认这次演出很成功。
The people acclaimed him king.人民拥戴他当国王。
They declared Newton President of the Royal Society.他们宣布牛顿为皇家学会主席。
I now pronounce you man and wife.我现在宣布你们为夫妻。
We judged the London visit a success.我们认为这次伦敦之行很成功。
We must keep the matter a secret.这事我们必须保密。
He fancied himself a great general.他设想自己是一位大将军。
He likes to imagine himself a knight.他喜欢把自己想象成一位骑士。
He felt it his duty to mention this to her.他感到有责任向她提到这事。
He made it a rule to speak in parliament at least once every session.他给自己规定国会每次开会他至少发一次言。
I felt it a terrible thing that my mother should have to toil so endlessly.我感到母亲老得没完没了地干苦活太可怕了。
I consider it a privilege to study your method of working.我认为学习你的工作方法是很幸运的。
I shall always count it a privilege to have known you.我认识了你我将永远看作荣幸的事。
We thought it our duty to help them.我们认为帮助他们是我们的责任。
She was christened Mary.她被叫作玛丽。
She was nicknamed Madonna.她被人称作圣母。
Who was chosen to be King?谁被挑选为国王？
He was commissioned a general in 1939.在1939年他被委任为将军。
He was ordained as a priest last year.去年他当了教士。
He was voted a fine teacher.他被公认为是一名优秀教师。
The play may be termed a tragicomedy.这个剧可以称作是悲喜剧。
He was taken prisoner by the enemy.他被敌人俘虏了。
A cold kept him in bed for three days.一次感冒让他卧床三天。
The union should put its affairs in order.工会应整顿它的事务。
Your mother left you in my charge.你的母亲让我来照管你。
The news of his safe arrival let my mind at rest.他安全到达的消息使我放心了。
We found her in tears.我们发现她在哭泣。
You place me in a very difficult position.你使我处于很困难的境地。
They all held him in great esteem.他们都很尊敬他。
Dont take all this for granted.不要认为这一切是理所当然的。
This will bring us all into harmony.这会使我们都和睦起来。
They soon got the fire under control.他们很快把火势控制住。
She cried herself to sleep at last.最后她哭着哭着睡着了。
They talked him out of the resolution.他们谈得他放弃了这个决心。
He worked himself into a rage.他慢慢愤怒起来。
He wished himself out of the affairs.他愿自己未参与此事。
I supposed him in the office.我猜想他在办公室里。
Can you fancy him in uniform?你能想象他穿着制服的样子吗？
They always consider themselves in the right.他们总是认为自己是对的。
They declared themselves for against the plan.他们宣布赞成反对这个计划。
He pronounced himself in favour of the proposal.他宣布赞成这个建议。
Ill be glad to help you over your difficulties.我将乐于帮助你克服困难。
He tried to make himself of more importance in the business.他设法让自己在企业中占更重要的位置。
The things should be kept in good order.这些东西要保持整齐。
The constitution was never put in force.这部宪法从未实施过。
Some of the prisoners were set at liberty.有些囚犯被释放了。
I was left without a ray of hope.我被弄得失去了一切希望。
The thief was found in posssession of the jewels.他们发现珠宝都在这小偷那里。
It was taken for granted that they would support us.大家想当然认为他们会支持我们。
The forest fire was finally brought under control.森林大火终于被控制住了。
The treaty is still considered in force.条约仍然被认为有效。
Will you have him in?你可否让他进来？
Did you find her in?你发现她在家吗？
We wished the long journey over.我们盼望着这漫长的旅行已经结束。
Why did you leave the light on?你为什么让灯开着？
Who accomplished it? The women brought it off.谁完成这事的？是那些女人完成的。
The child got the medicine down.孩子把药咽了下去。
The doctor soon brought her round.医生不久让她苏醒过来。
The boys all laughed their heads off.小伙子们都笑得要命。
Count me in out if youre going swimming.如果你们去游泳，算我一个别把我包括进去。
She explained my fears away.她通过解释把我的忧虑消除掉。
I am counting on you to help me through.我指望你帮助我渡过难关。
Congress voted the bill down.国会否决了这项法案。
The examples he used drove his argument home.他举的例子清楚说明了他的论点。
He bowed them out of the room.他点头哈腰把他们送出屋去。
She slept her headache off.她一觉把头疼睡好了。
Lets turn the TV on.咱们把电视打开。
He wont let you down; hes reliable.他不会对不起你，他是可靠的。
Youd better ask her round here.你最好请她到这里来。
He declared the war over.他宣布战争结束。
Mother will expect you in tonight.妈会期待你今晚留在家的。
He asked me to get in touch with her.他要我和她联系。
She told me not to wait.她让我别等。
I dont want that sort of thing to happen again.我不希望再发生这样的事。
You cant expect me to approve of it.你不能指望我赞同此事。
They encouraged her to try again.他们鼓励她再试试。
They didnt allow the workers to organize.他们不允许工人们组织起来。
She requested him to bring Jennie to see her.她请求他带珍妮来见她。
The chairman invited me to give my opinion.主席请我提出意见。
I like people to tell the truth.我喜欢人讲真话。
You must get her to sign that.你必须让她在这上边签字。
They required me to keep silent.他们要求我保持沉默。
The rain compelled us to stay indoors.下雨迫使我们留在家里。
I wont force him to do it.我不会强迫他这样做。
I beg you not to say anything like that to Ann.我求你不要向安说这样的话。
The law obliges parents to send their children to school.法律迫使父母送孩子上学。
I wish you to remain be happy.我希望你留下快乐。
I hated her to call me that to be sad.我不愿意她这样称呼我伤心。
He preferred her not to come.他宁愿她不来。
He strongly advised me not to do so.他使劲劝我别这样做。
Who persuaded you to join this society?谁劝说得你参加这个协会的？
He instructed his agent to sell his property.他指示他的代理人出售他的房产。
Permit me to introduce myself.请允许我介绍自己。
Remind me to take the pills tomorrow.明天记得提醒我吃药。
The police ordered him to wait right there.警察命令他就在那里等候。
He commanded the soldiers to attack.他命令士兵发起进攻。
I warned him not to buy that old car.我告诫他别买那辆旧车。
Her pride urged her to refuse the offer.她的自尊心促使她拒绝这个帮助。
He pressed her to come with him.他敦促她和他一道去。
What caused him to change his mind?什么使他改变主意的？
Where did you intend him to go?你打算让他到哪里？
I recommend you to take a holiday.我建议你休一次假。
He could not bring himself to say what was in his heart.他不能让自己说出心里的话。
The court condemned him to spend all his life in prison.法院判处他终身监禁。
He commissioned a sculptor to do a bust.他委托一位雕塑家雕一个半身像。
She cant bear me to be unhappy.她不忍心看我不快活。
This will enable them to get over the difficulty.这会帮他们克服困难。
I challenge you to show your proof.我要求你拿出证据来。
I dared him to fight.我向他挑战打一架。
His rudeness provoked me to strike him.他的粗鲁无礼惹得我打了他一拳。
Hunger prompted him to steal.饥饿促使他去偷窃。
His speech inspired us to try again.他的讲话鼓舞了我们再作一次尝试。
His kind words stimulated the children to work hard.他亲切的话促使孩子们用功学习。
I defy you to find the answer to this problem.我向你挑战，要你找出这问题的答案。
My parents trained me to behave properly.我的父母教育我行为端正。
I have never known her to tell lies.我从未听说她撒过谎。
He beckoned the others to follow him.他招手让其他人跟他走。
He tried to bribe the policeman not to arrest him.他试图贿赂警察别逮捕他。
The policeman signed me to stop.警察做手势让我停下来。
aThey thought him to be a wealthy man.他们以为他是一个很有钱的人。
You shouldnt consider him to be a selfish man.你不应当认为他是一个自私的人。
I should suppose him to be about fifty.我想他大约五十岁左右。
Imagine yourself to be in her place.设想你处于她的地位。
He found the patient to be a small boy.他发现病人是一个小男孩。
They believed these principles to be universally true.他们相信这些原则是万古不变的。
I judge him to be loyal.我认为他是忠诚的。
We have shown the story to be false.我们已表明这个报道是不真实的。
They suspected him to be a liar.他们怀疑他是个爱撒谎的人。
I know this to be a fact.我知道这是事实。
We discovered her to be a good cook.我们发现她菜做得很好。
I understand him to be a distant relation.我知道他是一位远亲。
He proved himself to be an amusing man.他证明自己是一个有趣的人。
He denied it to be the case.他否认情况如此。
I declared his story to be false.我宣布他讲的话是不真实的。
These letters revealed him to be an honest man.这些信件表明他是一个诚实的人。
Everyone reported him to be the best man for the job.大家都说他是做这工作最合适的人。
bThey reported a star to have appeared in the East.他们报道东方出现了一颗星星。
His record shows him to have worked hard at school.他的成绩单说明他在学校很用功。
I believed her to have done this on purpose.我相信她是故意这样做的。
I consider him to have acted disgracefully.我认为他的行为不光彩。
They supposed man to have descended from animals.他们认为人是动物演变来的。
I judged them to have finished.我估计他们已经完成。
They suspected him to be dying.他们疑心他快死了。
He believed her to be telling the truth.他相信她讲的是真话。
They thought him to be hiding in the woods.他们认为他躲在树林里。
May I be allowed to use your fax machine?能允许我用一下你的传真机吗？
I was asked to lecture on Irish folklore.我被邀请做一个关于爱尔兰民歌的报告。
You are expected to work late if need be.必要时我们指望你干到比较晚。
She was obliged to abandon the idea.她被迫放弃了这个想法。
We were cautioned not to drive fast.我们受到提醒不要超速开车。
He was thought to be a spy.他被认为是间谍。
She was discovered to be pregnant.人们发现她怀孕了。
Visitors are requested not to touch the paintings.参观者请勿触摸展出的画作。
All passengers are required to show their tickets.所有乘客都要求出示车票。
She was told to be home by ten.他们让她十点以前回家。
He was warned not to go there.有人警告他不要到那里去。
In the end he was forced to surrender.最后他被迫投降。
He advised her where to stay.他建议她在哪里住。
She taught me how to read.她教我认字。
Ill show you how to operate the machine.我做给你看这机器怎样开。
Shell tell you whom to approach for help.她会告诉你找谁帮忙。
They will advise you what to do.他们将给你出主意怎么办。
What made you think so?是什么使你这样想的？
Let me show you how to do it.我来告诉你怎样做。
I wont have him cheat me.我不能让他骗我。
I saw Martins face go pale.我看见马丁的脸变得苍白。
Delighted to hear you say that.听你这样讲我很高兴。
Did you notice me leave the house?你有没有注意到我离开这屋子？
I watched him skip rope.我看着他跳绳。
We felt the house shake.我们感到房子在摇晃。
He was made to work long hours.他们让他长时间干活。
She was heard to leave the house.有人听见她离开这屋子。
He was seen to pick it up.有人看见他把它捡起来的。
He called upon young people to take part in the drive.他号召青年人参加这个运动。
He prevailed upon me to remain a little longer.他劝说好我多留一些时候。
We depend on you to do it.我们依靠你做这件事。
I am counting on you to help me through.我指望你帮助我渡过困难。
I look to you to support me in this matter.我指望你在这件事上支持我。
I longed for him to stay.我迫切盼望他留下。
We pray to God to help us.我们祈求上帝帮助我们。
He motioned to me to enter.他做手势让我进去。
He signed to the waiter to bring the bill.他做手势让服务员拿账单来。
She wished for something to happen to get her out of the difficulty.她盼望发生什么事把她从困境中解脱出来。
We are waiting for the rain to stop.我们在等雨停。
He pleaded with me to go back.他恳求我回去。
We could hear her singing as she ran upstairs.我们可以听到她跑上楼时在唱着歌。
At this moment she noticed Paul coming in.此刻她看到保罗走了进来。
Do you smell something burning?你闻到什么东西烧焦的味道吗？
He found them already working.他发现他们已经在干活了。
She felt the thought weighing on her mind heavily.她感到这想法沉重地压在她心上。
I tried to keep things going by a little teaching.我教点书来设法维持。
Ill have you all speaking English well within a year.我要让你们一年之内都讲好英文。
He watched them eating.他瞧着他们吃饭。
Dont leave her waiting outside in the rain.不要让她站在外边雨里等。
His question has set me thinking.他的问题使我深思。
We got him talking about his war experience.我们让他谈起了他战时的经历。
A phone call brought him hurrying to Leeds.一个电话使他匆忙赶到里兹。
She caught him smoking a cigarette.她撞见他在抽烟。
I cant imagine you doing anything disgraceful.我不能想象你做什么不光彩的事。
I cant understand him leaving so suddenly.我不理解他怎么这样突然走掉。
She doesnt like me living here.她不喜欢我在这里住。
The smoke started her coughing.烟使她咳嗽起来。
They observed the ship leaving the harbour.他们看着轮船离港。
Just look at the rain pouring down.瞧雨这样倾盆地下。
We listened to the band playing in the park.我们听着乐队在公园里演奏。
I cant fancy him doing such a thing.我不能想象他做出这样的事。
He hates people asking for money.他讨厌人向他要钱。
I dont remember you saying anything like that.我不记得你曾说过这样的话。
He discovered her sitting near the fire reading a book.他发现她坐在炉火边看书。
Voices were heard calling for help.有人听见求救的叫声。
Im sorry youve been kept waiting.对不起让你久等了。
The papers were left flying around.文件被弄得到处飞扬。
Over ten people were found living in one room.发现十几个人住在一间屋里。
He was noticed carrying a pack when he came in.他进来时有人注意到他拿着一个包。
The child was reported missing.据报道那孩子失踪了。
She was ashamed to think she should be discovered doing such a thing.她想到被人发现做这样一件事感到很羞愧。
Ive heard him criticized many times.我曾听见他多次受到批评。
Rarely had I seen him so workedup.我很少看到他这样激动。
He watched the television set carried out of the door.他瞧着电视机被搬出门去。
He found one of the windows smashed.他发现一扇窗子被砸碎。
Well get her Xrayed.我们要让她去照X光。
Ive just had some new photos taken.我刚刚请人照了几张相。
I noticed their car parked outside.我注意到他们的车子停在外面。
We dont want anything said about this.我们不愿人提到这事。
He didnt wish it mentioned.他不愿谁提及此事。
You should make your views known.你应让人知道你的观点。
Well keep you informed of whats going on here.我们将不断让你了解这儿发生的情况。
Its better to leave some things unsaid.有些话还是不说为好。
He felt himself compelled to take action.他感到自己被迫采取行动。
Everyone considered it greatly improved.大家都认为它大有改进。
He ordered his captives executed right away.他命令把俘虏立即枪决。
They acknowledged themselves to be defeated.他们承认自己被击败。
写成一个词的合成名词，如：classroom，raincoat，seaside，cupboard，typewriter，teacup，warehouse，warhead，warlord，housewife，homework。
用连字号连起来的合成名词，如：penfriend，babysitter，diningroom。有些字可以构成许多合成名词，如：fire可构成firealarm火警，firebomb燃烧弹，fireengine消防车，fireescape太平梯，firefighter消防队员，firepower火力，firepractice消防演习等。
没有连字号连接的合成名词，如：fire brigade消防队，fire extinguisher灭火器，fire station消防站，美fire department消防队，water pump水泵，horror film恐怖电影，seat belt安全带，afternoon tea下午茶等。
两个短词构成的合成名词常可写在一起，如：teacup，housemaid，bookcase，bookmark书签，bookworm书呆子，bookstall书摊，bookshop书店。有些字虽然也短却不连写，如：busstop公共汽车站，tea break饮茶休息时间，tealeaf茶叶，teatable茶几，tea party茶会。
有些合成词由动词和其他词构成，如：makeup化装，liedown稍躺一下，tryout试用，或由动名词构成，如：livingroom，waitingroom，waitinglist等候名单，bathingsuit游泳衣，或由self构成，如：selfrespect自尊心，selfcontrol自我控制，selfdefence自卫，selfinterest自私的考虑或由三个词构成，如：soninlaw，editorinchief，commanderinchief，一般都用连字号。
已完全被接受为合成名词的，可连写或加连字号，如：sunbathing日光浴，sunglasses，sunrise，battlecry口号，否则分开写，如：writing materials书写材料，the working class工人阶级，working day工作日，working party工作小组。
这是一个比较复杂的问题，在没有把握时最好查一部好的字典。
专有名词开头的字母要大写。专有名词以外的名词都是普通名词。
抽象名词abstract nouns。
关于本节的详细内容，还可参见第186192节。
He has two sisters.他有两个妹妹。
There are five rooms in the apartment.公寓里有五间房。
He is fond of dogs.他喜欢狗。
Most classrooms have computers.多数教室里都有电脑。
Shell stay here for a week.她将在这里待一星期。
He gave her an account of his progress.他向她讲述了他的进展情况。
A new century has just begun.一个新的世纪刚刚开始。
I had a dream last night.昨晚我做了一个梦。
这些词本身有复数注明者除外，带复数动词，表示多个集体。
The Government is are considering further tax cuts.政府正考虑进一步减税。
The data are is all ready for examination.资料已全准备好供查考。
The audience was were very excited by the show.观众对演出甚感激动。
The public has have a right to know whats in the report.公众有权知道这篇报告的内容。
The family was were too poor to make many acquaintances.这家人太穷，不能结识很多人。
The schools teaching staff is are excellent.学校师资很不错。
A company of travellers are is expected to arrive soon.一伙游客不久即将到来。
Our discussion group is are meeting this week.我们的讨论小组本星期将碰头。
The press was were not allowed to attend the trial.不允许新闻界旁听审判。
The media is are to blame for starting the rumours.引起这些谣言得怪传媒。
The jury is are about to announce the winners.裁判团即将宣布优胜者名单。
The youth of today is are better off than we used to be.今天的青年比我们过去处境要好。
The entire community is behind the appeal.整个社区的人都支持这项呼吁。
The plays cast was given a standing ovation.对这个剧组的成员大家起立鼓掌。
The opposition was quick to reply to the charge.反对党很快对指控做出回答。
The gang is being hunted by the police.这帮匪徒正受警察追捕。
Our company is sending him to work in Boston.我们公司派他到波士顿工作。
Bacteria are often a cause of disease.细菌常常引起疾病。
The police have surrounded the building.警察把大楼围起来了。
The crew are paid to do all the work on the ship.船员被雇佣在船上工作。
Bring us two coffees two cups of coffee.请给我们两杯咖啡。
Two beers please.请给我两杯啤酒。
Ill mix a salad.我去拌一盘生菜。
I want a strawberry icecream.我要一份草莓冰淇淋。
It was a wonderful tea.这是一种非常好的茶。
I like wines and liqueurs.我喜欢各种红酒和烈性酒。
They produce a large range of cheeses.他们生产各式各样的干酪。
Stainless steels contain about 12 of chromium.不锈钢含有约百分之十二的铬。
British waters were a military area.英国领海是军事区。
We often played on the sands when we were young.我们年幼时常常在沙滩上玩耍。
Many animals died in last winters heavy snows.许多动物在去年的大雪中死去。
The rains started early this year.今年雨季开始得很早。
What fun we had!我们玩得真好！
I had much respect for him.我非常尊敬他。
Too much violence was shown on television.电视上暴力出现太多。
Finally they took off in safety.最后它们安全地起飞了。
He loved beauty and there he found beauty.他热爱美，在那里他找到了美。
They longed for freedom.他们渴望自由。
He is fond of travel.他喜欢旅行。
aI did not have the courage to tell you.我没有勇气告诉你。
We enjoyed the beauty of nature.我们欣赏大自然的美。
How is the weather today?今天天气怎样？
Bob spoke the truth.波布讲了真话。
bHe has a great respect for Helen.他很尊重海伦。
There is a beauty in simplicity.朴实之中有一种美。
Her dream became a reality.她的梦想成了现实。
It is a pleasure to work with you.和你一道工作是很愉快的事。
关于冠词的用法，还可详见第207215节。
They havent much furniture.他们没有多少家具。
We are to standardize equipment in factories.我们将使工厂设备标准化。
My immediate problem was to get clothing.我当前的问题是找衣服。
The book contains much useful information.这本书包含许多有用的知识。
Theres good news tonight.今晚有好消息。
He came to me for advice.他来征求我的意见。
A factory contains much machinery.工厂里有许多机器。
They examined all baggage at the airport.他们在机场检查了所有行李。
还有下面这些词可加s或es.
pennies指硬币：Give me five pennies.给我五个一便士的硬币。
pence指钱数多少：Potatoes are 20 pence a pound.土豆20便士一磅。
Mind your ps and qs.注意你的p和q的写法。
The teacher had only two As in his class.在这个教师的班上只有两个人得A。
另外要注意：不能说an English，要说an English man。有些词则要加s，如Scots。
Wheat is a species of grass.小麦是一种草本植物。
There are over 200 species of fish.有二百多个种类的鱼。
This is a means to an end.这是达到目的的一种手段。
All possible means have been tried.一切可能的办法都试过了。
The steel works is closed for the holiday.钢铁厂假期时关闭了。
The works have been closed since January.一月份以来这些厂就关闭了。
She married a rich bourgeois.她嫁给了一个有钱的中产阶级的人。
Can the bourgeois be innocent?中产阶级能是无辜的吗？
Shes the offspring of a scientist.她是一位科学家的后代。
Their offspring are all very clever.他们的后代都很聪明。
Would you like some more fruit?你要不要再吃点水果？
We get a lot of fruit from South Africa.我们从南非进口许多水果。
The tree bears a red hard fruit.这种树结一种红色坚硬的果实。
Greece has some wonderful fruits.希腊产有一些很好的水果。
The rulers robbed them of the fruits of their toil.统治者掠夺了他们的劳动果实。
His black hair is going grey.他的黑发逐渐变成灰白色。
She is doing her hairs.她在梳头。
There are hairs on your jacket.你的上衣上有几根头发。
He had a few grey hairs.他有几根灰白色的头发。
He caught a big several fish.他捕了一条大鱼几条鱼。
We caught three little fishes.我们捕到了三条小鱼。
There were fishes of many hues and sizes.有各种色泽和大小的鱼。
Youll see many kinds of fish es in the fish market.你在鱼市可以看到许多种鱼。
Herring s were once very plentiful.鲱鱼一度是很多的。
Zebra s are a more difficult prey.斑马是一种比较难捕获的猎物。
They saw a herd of gazelle s.他们看到一群瞪羚。
We came to a crossroads.我们来到十字路口。
They began a series of experiments.他们开始了一系列试验。
diabetes糖尿病，measles麻疹，mumps腮腺炎，rabies狂犬病，rickets佝偻病，shingles带状疱疹，syphilis梅毒，bends潜水病。
Where is the presidents office?校长办公室在哪里？
这种形式称为名词所有格the possessive case of nouns。与所有格相对，不带这种词尾的形式称为普通格the common case。
This is a mans work.这是男人干的工作。
Where is the doctors prescription?医生的处方在哪里？
Hes a wolf in sheeps clothing.他是一只披着羊皮的狼。
Here you get a birds eye view of the city.从这里你可以鸟瞰全城。
Its made from mares cows or ewes milk.它是由马奶、牛奶或羊奶做的。This is the horses horses stable.这是马厩。
Billy patted the dogs head.比利拍了拍狗的脑袋。
Here is an ants nest.这儿是一个蚂蚁窝。
Wherere todays papers?今天的报纸在哪里？
After that they had a good nights sleep.之后他们好好睡了一夜。
Its about an hours drive from here.坐汽车约一小时能到。
The news will be in tomorrows newspaper.这消息明天见报。
He gave his employer two weeks notice.他提前两周告诉老板他要辞职。
He agreed without a moments hesitation.他毫不犹豫地同意了。
Whats your governments policy?你们政府的政策是什么？
There was a raid on the Democratic Partys headquarters.有人袭击了民主党的总部。
Whats the majoritys view?多数人的看法是什么？
Its the countrys biggest city.它是这个国家最大的城市。
The citys population is in decline.这座城市的人口正在减少。
It was the first time I had left Englands shore.这是我第一次离开英国海岸。
We sat in the stations waitingroom until evening.我们在车站候车室坐到晚上。
She teaches at Harvards Department of linguistics.她在哈佛大学语言学系任教。She wanted him to climb in the colleges little world.她希望他在大学的小天地里向上发展。
I like the cars design.我喜欢这辆车的设计。
Hes a ships carpenter.他是轮船上的木匠。
You can predict a computers behaviour.你可以预见一台电脑的性能。
Now lets listen to the concertos final movement.现在我们来听协奏曲的最后乐章。
Were studying Robert Bumss poems.我们在研究罗伯特彭斯的诗。
He was pleased by the Kings praise.国王对他的赞扬使他很高兴。
Johns gift to Mary was a watch.约翰送给玛丽的礼物是一只表。
The play ends with Hamlets murder.剧本以哈姆雷特被害结束。
Hes always singing the Kings praise.他经常赞扬国王。
这类结构的确切意义要通过上下文来确定。
He has a doctors degree.他有博士学位。
The young boy has a mans voice.这小男孩有大人的声音。
Hes a friend of Henrys.他是亨利的朋友中的一个。
I saw a play of Shaws.我看了萧伯纳的一个戏。
I have read four books of George Eliots.我看过乔治艾略特所写的书中的四本。
I always abide by a rule of my parents.我总是遵守我父母的一条规定。
Do you recall that poem of Wordsworths?你还记得华滋华斯的那首诗吗？
This performance of the teachers was wonderful.教师们的表演很精彩。
That wife of Mr. Browns is constantly complaining.布朗先生的太太老是抱怨。
Her love like Jennies was sincere.她的爱情，和珍妮的爱情一样，是真摯的。
She put her arm through her brothers.她用手臂挽住她哥哥的手臂。
I have seen some of Shaws plays but none of Shakespeares.我看过萧伯纳的一些剧，而莎士比亚的剧却一个也没有看过。
The dome of St Pauls had a peculiar fascination for him.圣保罗教堂的圆顶特别使他着迷。
Im going to the butchers bakersbarbers shop.我到肉铺面包坊理发店去。
I bought this at Harridges shop.我这是在哈瑞吉商店买的。
He was educated at Taylors School.他上的是泰勒中学。
She was at her dentists for two hours yesterday.她昨天在牙医诊所待了两小时。
We are having dinner at my aunts tonight.今晚我们在我姑姑家吃晚饭。
I went over to Pauls but he was at his sisters.我到保罗家，但他到他妹妹家去了。
He had to go to Gattis for dinner.他要到盖蒂家吃晚饭。
Im a guest at the Watsons.我在华生家作客。
在欧洲许多语言中名词都分阴性和阳性，例如法语中，名词分阴性和阳两性，即有些名词属阴性，另一些则属阳性。随着性的不同，冠词也不同。阴性名词前的定冠词为la，阳性名词前要加le。德语更分阴、阳、中三性。因此，在这些语言中性是一个大问题。性称作gender。阳性为masculine gender，阴性为feminine gender，中性为neuter gender。英语中只有很少数名词有阴性和阳性之分，百分之九十以上的名词都不分阴性和阳性，这就大大减少了学英语的困难。
Psychology and economics are social sciences.心理学和经济学是社会科学。
History is her major.历史是她的主修课。
Why he did it remained a mystery.他为什么这样做一直是个谜。
How many languages do you know?你懂几种语言？
She gave her child a firstrate education.她给了她孩子一流的教育。
She studies at an evening school.她上夜校。
Have you been to the flower show?你去参观花卉展了没有？
She has great concern for us students.她对我们学生很关心。
Thats Miss Smith our department head.这是我们的系主任史密斯小姐。
Be quiet children！安静点，孩子们!
Good morning Mr. Wilson.早上好，威尔逊先生。
The meeting lasted an hour.会开了一个钟头。
Ill be back Monday.我礼拜一回来。
Are you interested in anthropology?你对人类学有兴趣吗？
They have made outstanding contributions to science.他们对科学做出了突出的贡献。
They elected him chairman of the committee.他们选他为主任委员。
One might call it a mistake in tactics.我们可以说它是战术错误。
关于合成名词，还可参阅第186节。
Look at theðəpicture.瞧这张画。
Lets help theðiold man.咱们去帮助那位老人。
Shakespeare is theði:greatest dramatist in the world.莎士比亚是世界上最伟大的戏剧家。
the最早是指示形容词，意思接近this，that，因此在不少情形下仍可译作这，那如上面例句中的这张画，那位老人，不过它的意思比this，that要弱一些，因此，在多数情况下都不译出。
I borrowed an umbrella.我借来一把伞。
This is a school for deaf mutes.这是一所聋哑学校。
They paid him 100 a month.他们付给他每月一百美元工资。
We meet twice a week.我们每星期碰两次头。
Shes a farmers daughter.她是一个农民的女儿。
A teacher shouldnt talk like that.教师不应当这样讲话。
This is a cat an apple.这是一只猫一个苹果。
She comes from a European country.她来自一个欧洲国家。
He is an honest man.他是一个诚实的人。
There was now not a minute to lose.现在一分钟也不能耽误了。
His wages were eight thousand pounds a year.他的工资是每年八千英镑。
I took my things to a hotel in New Street.我把行李搬到新街的一家旅馆去。
Then an idea came to me.这时我产生一个想法。
I went into a stationers to buy a picture.我走进一家文具店去买一幅画。
She picked up a magazine and began to read.她拿起一本杂志开始看起来。
Hes an American a Frenchman.他是美法国人。
You are a just person.你是一个公正的人。
The peasant girl has become an engineer.这位农村姑娘成了工程师。
Is this a planer or a lathe?这是刨床还是车床？
This is Mr. Brown a member of the trade union committee.这是工会委员布朗先生。
He worked as a language teacher here.他在这里任语文教师。
We all thought him a suitable person for the job.我们都认为他是干这工作的合适人选。
Its a bottleopener.这是开瓶器。
A rose is a flower.玫瑰是一种花。
An architect is a person who designs buildings.建筑师是设计建筑的人。
Can a novelist shut his eyes to the state of his country?小说家能不看国家的现实吗？
A dog has a keen sense of smell.狗的嗅觉很灵敏。
A clever politician never promises too much.聪明的政客绝不做过多的许诺。
Where are the other students?其他同学在哪里？
We have to wait for the next bus.我们得等下一趟公共汽车。
Pass me the salt please.请把桌上的盐递给我。
She is the girl who won the prize.她就是获奖的姑娘。
Give the parcel to the gentleman sitting at the desk.把包裹交给坐在办公桌前的先生。
Show me the poem you have written.把你写的诗拿给我看看。
Here comes the bus weve been waiting for.我们等的车来了。
这一区分十分重要。在日常生活中，要特别注意。谈到特指的东西时不要忘了加冠词the。
The careful speaker should avoid it.细心讲话的人要避免这样说。
The lion is found in Africa.獅子产在非洲。
The rose is my favourite flower.玫瑰是我最喜欢的花。
The mango is a tropical fruit.芒果是一种热带水果。
Who invented the television?电视是谁发明的？
The English have a wonderful sense of humour.英国人有很强的幽默感。
The ally of the working class was the peasantry.工人阶级的同盟军是农民阶级。
That made him bitter against the gentry.这使他痛恨绅士阶层。
The Shaws were a musical family.肖家是热爱音乐的家庭。
The Joneses were a middleaged couple.琼斯家是一对中年夫妇。
He had a natural sympathy for the downtrodden.他对受蹂躏的人有天然的同情。
Take care of the wounded and the dying.救死扶伤。
She was always good with the unfortunate.她对不幸的人一向很好。
They poisoned the minds of the young.它们毒害年轻人的头脑。
The welltodo had their cares also.富裕的人也有他们的烦恼。
This was nothing out of the ordinary.这没有什么不寻常的地方。
He mustnt expect me to do the impossible.他不能指望我做不可能的事。
They will have to bow to the inevitable.他们将不得不向无法避免的事低头。
I was afraid to venture into the unknown.我害怕闯入未知的世界。
The aim of philosophy he thought was to discover the good the beautiful and the true.他认为哲学的目的就是去发现真善美。
The sun dipped below the horizon.太阳沉入地平线下。
Spacemen landed on the moon.太空人登上了月球。
The sky was blue and cloudless.天空明净无云。
Of the earths land surface 20 percent is desert.地球表面的陆地百分之二十是沙漠。
Our world is but a small part of the universe.我们的世界只不过是宇宙的一小部分。
The Milky Way is a bright band of stars.银河是一条星星形成的光带。
此外还有the atmosphere大气层，the Equator赤道，the outerspace外层空间，the air空中，the solar system太阳系等。
the Yellow River the Thames River the Suez Canal the Red Sea the Baltic the Indian Ocean the Pacific Ocean the Arctic。
the Lake of Geneva日内瓦湖，the Great Salt Lake大盐湖。
a大多数街名：Fleet Street舰队街，Marston Road玛斯登道，Riverside Avenue滨河大道，Park Lane派克巷，Rodeo Drive罗狄欧路。
The Smith youre looking for no longer lives here.你找的那个史密斯不再住这里。
A Mr. White came to see you this morning.今天早上一位怀特先生来找你。
The theory was advanced by the Great Einstein.这理论是伟大的爱因斯坦提出的。
The little Vesta was now eighteen months old.小薇斯塔现在有十一八个月大了。
I didnt know I was an ardent Romeo.我不知道我是一个热情的罗蜜欧。
He had a Raphael in his room.他房里有一张拉斐尔的画。
In four minutes he was met by an anxious Miss Cram.四分钟之后焦急的克莱姆小姐向他迎了上来。
How different is the impression produced by the London of today!今天的伦敦给人的印象多么不同啊！
I bought a secondhand Ford.我买了一辆第二手的福特车。
He ordered a second Martini.我又叫了一杯马提尼酒。
Time never stands still.时间从来不会停留。
Knowledge begins with practice.认识从实践开始。
Necessity is the mother of invention.需要促成发明。
I love science zoology especially.我喜欢科学，特别是动物学。
His research made slow progress.他的研究工作进展缓慢。
Its nearly bedtime.差不多该睡觉了。
This is common knowledge.这是常识。
He is interested in popular science.他对通俗科学很有兴趣。
I am discussing ordinary human behaviour.我讨论的是普通人的行为。
It was now the time of the spring rains.现在是春天的多雨季节。
The matter never came to the knowledge of the minister.这事从未让部长知道。
The invention of a space rocket took many years.发明太空火箭用了很多年时间。
He made great contribution to the science of engineering.他对工程学有巨大贡献。
Im very glad to hear news about the progress of your book.我很高兴听到你那本书的进展情况。
She had an affection for the child.她很喜欢这孩子。
Ancient Egypt had an advanced culture.古埃及有先进的文化。
Translation is an art.翻译是一种艺术。
It was a just war.这是一场正义的战争。
Lets make an analysis of it.咱们对此做一番分析。
Her smile was a reflection of her happiness.她的微笑只是她高兴的反映。
They are carrying out an investigation.他们正在进行调查。
He has had a brilliant success.他取得一次辉煌的成功。
It is a pleasure to work with you.和你一道工作很愉快。
Its an honour to meet you.遇到你是很荣幸的事。
He is a great inspiration to all of us.他给我们所有的人很大的鼓舞。
He was a disappointment to his family.他使家里人很失望。
A forced kindness deserves no thanks.勉强做出的好心行动不值得感谢。
A TV set was then a luxury.那时电视机是一种奢侈品。
I regard this as a great favour.我认为这是帮了我一个大忙。
Jane was a great success in this play.在这个剧中简演得很成功。
关于这个问题还可参阅第191节。
定冠词的运用虽然有一定的规律可循，但每个词特点不同，因此有不少例外。遇到不清楚的情况时最好查一部较好的词典，看在什么情况下作不可数名词，在什么情况下作可数名词。这会帮助决定是否要加冠词，以及加什么冠词。
Wheat is grown mainly in the north.小麦主要产在北方。
Gold is found in rock and streams.黄金可在岩石或溪流中找到。
Hydrogen is lighter than Oxygen.氢气比氧气轻。
Water boils at 100.水在100摄氏度沸腾。
We cant live without air.没有空气我们不能活。
The ground is covered with snow.地上白雪覆盖。
The bust is made of pure gold.那座半身像是纯金铸的。
We cannot drink sea water.海水不能喝。
Heavy snow is reported in the north.据报道北方下大雪。
May I have tomato juice?给我番茄汁好吗？
Open the window the air in the room is so bad.把窗户打开，屋里空气这样不好。
Lets take a walk in the snow.咱们在雪地里走走。
Is the water in the well fit to drink?这口井里的水能喝吗？
Lets wipe off the dust on the table.咱们把桌上的尘土擦掉。
Dont stand in the rain!别站在雨里！
It was a special tea.这是一种特别的茶。
Marble is a precious stone.大理石是一种珍贵的石料。
A fine rain began to fall.开始下起一阵小雨。
An iced coffee for me.给我一杯冰咖啡。
A heavy snow was falling.下着一场大雪。
Wilson became the President of the U.S.A.威尔逊当了美国总统。
For two years he was head of a county.有两年他当县长。
They elected him president of the society.他们选他为协会会长。
This is Dr. Wood director of the hospital.这是医院院长伍德博士。
He succeeded his father as president of the company.他继承他父亲的职位，担任公司董事长。
They appointed her the treasurer.他们任命他为司库。
She is a teacher of Chinese in our institute.她是我们学院的一位汉语老师。
Soon he returned to his old job as car repairman.不久他又回去当他的汽车修理工了。
She worked as correspondent to a local newspaper.她任当地一家报纸的通讯记者。
He used to be a teacher till he turned writer.他过去是教师后来当了作家。
He was awarded the title of Model Worker.他被授予模范工人称号。
He was promoted to the rank of colonel.他被提升为上校。
Wed better send him to hospital at once.我们最好马上送他到医院就诊。
He finished school at the age of eighteen.他十八岁高中毕业。
Is there room for me in the car?车子里还有我坐的地方吗？
They are in church.他们正在做礼拜。
有很多短语都包含有抽象化的名词，例如：译文省略go to bed camp sea，by bus plane boat car，in bed school prison class，at table college sea，come into blossom flower bud，send to hospital prison bed等。
关于这问题可参阅第191节。
If winter comes can spring be far behind?冬天来了，春天还会远吗？
School begins in September.九月开学。
How many classes do you have on Thursday?星期四你有几堂课？
We celebrate International Womens Day on March 8th.我们在三月八日庆祝国际妇女节。
It happened in the summer of 1988.这是1988年夏天发生的事。
She arrived on the Sunday and left on the Tuesday.她星期天到，星期二就走了。
Easter occurs on a Sunday in March or April.复活节是三月或四月的一个星期天。
We had a terribly hot summer this year.今年夏天热得要命。
What shall we have for breakfast?我们早饭吃什么？
Where shall we have lunch?我们在哪里吃午饭。
Dinner is ready!晚饭得了！
It was a wonderful dinner.这是一顿精美的晚餐。
How did you like the dinner?那顿饭你觉得怎样？
这时应把它们作为整体来记，就仿佛是一个词似的，这样冠词就不易用错了。
关于数词、形容词最高级前使用冠词的情况后面再谈。
Elizabeth Brown works for this company.伊丽莎白。布朗给这家公司工作。
China is in East Asia.中国位于东亚。
Women live longer than men in most countries.在多数国家女人比男人活得长。
Trees dont grow in the Antarctic.南极不长树木。
Italians make delicious icecream.意大利人做的冰淇淋很好吃。
Life is short; art is long.生命短暂，而艺术长存。
Capitalism is the byproduct of free enterprise.资本主义是自由经营的副产品。
You cant mix oil with water.你不能让油和水混合。
Do you take sugar with your tea?你的茶里放糖吗？
Sit down children!孩子们，坐下！
Yes sir maam.是的，先生夫人。
Where is Dad Mom Sister?爸妈、姐在哪里？
Grandpa wont allow it.爷爷不会允许这样做。
Spring is a lovely season.春天是怡人的季节。
Christmas is the time for family reunions.圣诞节是家人团聚的时候。
He woke up at daybreak.他天亮时醒了。
Dusk falls.黄昏正在降临。
Its past midnight.现在已是午夜过后。
Shes gone to town.她进城去了。
They had at first met at sea.他们最初是在海上遇见的。
They decided to settle the problem out of court.这问题他们决定在庭外解决。
He has been in prison for five years.他蹲了五年监牢。
She took the cattle to market.她把牛赶到市场上去卖。
Has he been to university college?他上过大学吗？
Cut along the dotted line.沿虚线剪开。
The Algerian crisis led to the downfall of the French government in May 1958.阿尔及利亚危机导致1958年5月法国政府倒台。
Vassilisa Open the door quickly; to Alyoshka: You here again?薇希丽莎迅速开门，对阿留希卡说：你又来了？
Exit in the garden.出去到花园去。
The girls were not in the house.姑娘们不在屋子里。
There was a man in the lift.电梯里有一个人。
I like this university.我喜欢这所大学。
How much is that shirt?那件衬衫多少钱？
Can I have one of those brochures?我能要一本那个小册子吗？
I remember his name now.我现在想起他的名字了。
You are welcome to use our library.欢迎你使用我们的图书馆。
I had some good ideas.我有一些好主意。
There were few doctors available.找不到多少医生。
除了冠词外，大多数限定词都与代词紧密相连。主要差别是，代词起名词的作用也就是说代替名词，可以做主语、宾语、表语等，而限定词起形容词的作用，主要用作定语。它们的意思是互相联系的，从实用角度看，这一区分似乎并不重要，而且美国词典处理方式也不同，他们根本不用限定词这个名称。像his，my这些词，他们仍称作代词；this，few等作主语、宾语等有时也称作代词；作定语时他们称作形容词。为了处理上的方便，减少头绪，便于学习，我们把它们合并处理，不作过细的区分。
aI cant stay here long.我不能在这里待多久。
How are you doing today?你你们今天好吗？
He She wasnt in.他她不在家。
We They are both single.我们他们两人都是单身。
How much is it are they?这个些多少钱？
bLet me help you her.我来帮助你她。
Tell us your name.告诉我们你的名字。
Put them it on the table.把它们它放在桌上。
Show him to his room.把他带到他房间去。
cWe are worried about him her you.我们在为他她，你发愁。
Here is a parcel fox you us them.这儿有你我们，他们一个包裹。
在用作主语时，人称代词用主格，用作宾语及介词宾语时，则需用宾格。
Who is it?Its me us.是谁呀？是我我们。
Dont blame Tom. Its me who broke it别怪汤姆，是我打破的。
If I were her I would stay.要是我是她，我就留下。
It was I who had been wrong.错的是我。
It wasnt she he who broke the window.打破窗子的不是她他。
What a beautiful babyis it a boy?多漂亮的孩子是男孩吗？
it还有许多特别用法，详见第326330节及第363365节。
Im really sorry for them.我的确为他们感到难过。
Where did you put them?你把它们放哪里啦？
Here are the rabbits Auntie brought us. Take good care of them.这是姑姑送来的兔子。好好照顾它们。
You can tell him.Me tell him? Not likely.你可告诉他。我告诉他？不太可能。
Who did it?Them.谁干的？他们干的。
He has more time than me.他的时间比我多。
They are wiser than us.他们比我们聪明。
She sings better than me.她比我唱得好。
She is as tall as me him.她像我他一样高。
She is as tall as I am he is.她同我一样高。
She sings better than I do.她的歌唱得比我好。
WeYou have to be cautious under such circumstances.在这样情况下大家得小心。
We are all apt to believe what we wish to believe.人常常爱相信他们愿意相信的东西。
You never can tell.谁也说不上来。
You have to be careful with people you dont know.对不认识的人得当心。
They dont allow us to smoke here.这儿不让抽烟。
They say its going to be another cold winter.据说今年冬天又很冷。
Its the farmers best cow; she gives lots of milk.它是这位农民最好的奶牛，它产奶很多。
The mare whined when she saw her master.这匹母马见到主人时会嘶叫。
England has done what she promised to do.英国已履行了它的承诺。
Our country needs strong leaders: may she always have them!我们国家需要坚强的领导人，愿它经常有这样的领导人！
The Esteranca is due in tomorrow isnt she?伊斯特朗卡号轮船明天进港，对吧？
My cars not fast but she does 50 miles to the gallon.我的车不快，但每加仑油它能跑50英里。
Is this your his her coat?这是你的他的，她的大衣吗？
My Our Their office is on the 3rd floor.我的我们的，他们的办公室在三楼。
Whats your her name?你她叫什么名字？
Here is my dog. Its name is Tom.这是我的狗，它的名字叫汤姆。
The cat drank its milk and washed its ears.猫把奶喝了，又洗了它的耳朵。
The chair has lost one of its legs.椅子掉了一条腿。
He dropped the teapot and broke its spout.他让茶壶掉下来，把壶嘴打破了。
The baby opened its eyes.婴儿睁开了眼睛。
Dogs should have their own kennels outside the house.狗应当在房子外面有它们自己的狗屋。
Cars with their engines at the back are very noisy.发动机在后面的汽车很吵人。
The cuckoo lays her eggs in other birds nests.杜鹃把自己的蛋生在别的鸟的窝里。
In 1941 America assumed her role as a world power.1941年美国开始发挥世界大国的作用。
I love to have my own room.我愿意有自己的房间。
Our cat has its own comer.我们的猫有它自己的角落。
She saw it with her own eyes.这是她亲眼看到的。
Every cook praises his own broth.每个厨子都说自己做的汤好。
The house is my own.这房子是我自己的。
They treated the child as if she were their own.他们待这孩子像亲生的一样。
His views are similar to my own.他的观点和我的差不多。
Raid had reserved a seat for me beside his own.雷德给我留了一个座位，在他座位旁边。
We have no children of our own.我们没有自己的孩子。
They had opinions of their own.他们有他们自己的看法。
I want a book of my own.我要一本属于我自己的书。
Whose dictionary is this?一Its mine.这是谁的词典？我的。
Is that coffee yours or hers？咖啡是你的还是她的？
It was his fault not theirs purs.这是他的错，不是他们我们的错。
Our flat is on the first floor and theirs is on the third.我们的公寓在一楼，他们的公寓在三楼。
Ours is a big family.我们家人口很多。
Her parents were in malaysia and so were his.她的父母在马来西亚，他的父母也是。
Lets clean their room first and ours later.咱们先打扫他们的房间，咱们的房间稍后再打扫。
He grinned at her and laid his hand on hers.他冲她笑了笑，把他的手放在她手上。
Whats the difference between your ideas and theirs?你们的想法和他们的想法有什么不同？
He is a friend of mine ours.他是我的我们的一位朋友。
Two relatives of theirs hers came to visit them her.他们的她的两位亲戚来看他们她了。
That remark of yours is quite correct.你那句话是很正确的。
This stand of ours is beyond reproach.我们的这个立场是无可非议的。
This is no fault of yours.这不是你的错。
在信的末尾，人们常说：Best wishes for you and yours.这里yours表示你家里的人。也常写：Yours sincerely英式或Sincerely yours美式。
另外，oneself也是一个自身代词。
I cant express myself in English.我不能用英语表达思想。
The hare hid itself in the bush.野兔藏在灌木丛中。
I dont think one should overwork oneself.我想一个人不能太累。
Take good care of yourself yourselves.好好保重。
She is too young to look after herself.她年纪太小，无法照顾自己。
关于这种结构可参阅第162节。
He was pleased with himself.他很得意。
You must let us answer for ourselves.你必须让我们对自己负责。
My brother is a teacher like myself.我弟弟和我一样也是教师。
There was an invitation to my wife and myself.有一份给我妻子和我的请帖。
He felt himself very ignorant.他感到自己很幼稚。
She found herself in agreement with both sides.她发现自己对双方的意见都同意。
They could not bring themselves to believe it他们不能让自己相信这一点。
Suddenly I found myself face to face with the young man.突然我发现自己和那青年面对面地站着。
aHe himself was a doctor.他本人就是一位医生。
The theory itself is all right.这理论本身没有问题。
bI must begin by telling you about the girl herself.我先得给你谈谈这姑娘本身的情况。
Youd better ask the president himself about it.你最好问问校长他本人。
I prefer to do the work myself.我宁愿自己去做这工作。
Fetch the yourself.你自己去拿晚饭。
She must decide that herself.这必须由她自己来决定。
Lester went to open the door himself.莱斯特亲自去开门。
aI am not quite myself these days.我近来身体不大舒服。
Ill be myself again in no time.我一会儿就会好的指恢复正常状态。
That poor boy was myself.那个可怜的孩子就是我自己。
bI hope Miss Green and yourself you are keeping well.我希望格林小姐和你自己身体好。
My wife and myself I were invited to the party.我妻子和我自己都受到这个聚会的邀请。
My sister and myself were the only ones not down with the flu.我妹妹和我自己是唯一没患流感的人。
My sister is as tall as I myself.我妹妹和我一样高。
No one realizes that better than he himself.这一点没有人比他了解得更清楚。
They were busy arguing among themselves.他们忙着互相争论。
We were always quarrelling among ourselves.我们之间老是互相争吵。
Between ourselevs I think Mr. Holmes had not quite got over his illness yet.我们私下说说，我认为福尔摩斯先生病还没完全好。
All this iseryou knowbetween ourselves.这一切，呃，你知道，都是咱们私下说说的。
1 Youd have to go by yourself.你得一个人去。
Theyre living by themselves.他们单独居住。
She was sitting by herself on a bench.她独自坐在一条长覺上。
2 He did it by himself.他是自己干的。
I studied by myself for an hour.我自己学习了一个钟头。
This is a machine that works by itself.这是一台自动工作的机器。
He has a right to decide for himself.他有权为自己做出决定。
He made no complaint for himself.他没为自己诉苦。
You can judge for yourself.你可以自己做出判断。
The idea is not bad in itself.这主意本身不错。
They were good in themselves.他们本身都是善良的。
She had a room to herself.她自己有一间房。
I want a little time to myself.我希望有一点自己掌握的时间。
We have known each other since we were children.我们从小就相互认识。
I think we have misunderstood each other.我想我们可能误会了彼此的意思。
The three women looked at each other.这三个女人相互望了望。
The birds fought each other over the bread.那些鸟儿为了面包互相打斗。
We can help one another.我们可以互相帮助。
They sat down opposite to each other.他们面对面地坐了下来。
We dont see much of each other.我们不常见面。
They looked at one another in hatred and despair.他们仇恨绝望地互相望了望。
They were pleased with one another.他们彼此很喜欢。
They have great concern for each others work.他们很关心彼此的工作。
They often stay in one anothers house.他们常常在彼此的家里住。
We should point out each others one anothers shortcomings.我们应指出彼此的缺点。
Each wished the other to answer first.每个人都希望对方先回答。
We each know how the other is getting along.我们每人都知道对方的情况。
The passengers embarked one after another.乘客一个接一个地上了船。
Whats this that?这那是什么？
This placed him in a difficult position.这使他处境困难。
This was in 1986.这是1986年的事。
Thats yours.那是你的。
How is that?这样做如何？
Thats his sister Jane.那是他的妹妹简。
Are these what you want?这些是你要的吗？
These are apples. Those are oranges.这些是苹果，那些是橘子。
Those are easy questions to answer.那些问题好回答。
Who is this?在电话上你是谁？
Was that Helen on the phone?是海伦打电话来吗？
This is Mary.这位是玛丽。
How can we do this properly?我们怎么能把这干好？
I dont like this that.我不喜欢这那个。
Ive brought you these.这些是我带给你的。
Better take those with you.最好把那些带着。
It would be quicker if you did it like this.如果你这样做会快一些。
Youll have to pay for that.你将为此付出代价。
With that he left the room.说了这话他走出屋去。
Without these we cant possibly succeed.没有这些我们不可能成功。
My idea is this.我的想法是这样的。
We have no time to do it and thats our trouble.我们没有时间做这事，这就是我们的问题。
I had a bad cold. Thats why I didnt come.我得了重感冒，因此我没来。
Thats where you are wrong.这就是你不对的地方。
Those are the problems we face.这些就是我们面对的问题。
This house is ours.这座房子是我们的。
I distrust that man.我不信赖那个人。
That evening it was George who left first.那天晚上是乔治先走的。
These days are cold.这些天很凉。
What shall I do with these flowers?这些花怎么处理？
If those clouds drift away well have a fine afternoon.如果那些乌云飘走，下午就会天晴。
I dont like that kind of paintings.我不喜欢那一类的画。
This girl of mine wrote to say that she was coming from Paris.我的这个姑娘给我写信说要从巴黎来。
Oh Ill get hold of that daughter of mine.啊，我得去找到我的那个女儿。
I like these books of yours.我喜欢你的这些书。
I dont feel like going out this evening.我今晚不想出去了。
Hes having a meeting with them this afternoon.他今天下午和他们开会。
Hes getting married this year.他今年结婚。
To this day the best blankets come from Witney.直到今天最好的毯子还是维特尼产的。
He will be here this day week.他一星期后的今天到这里来。
Weve arranged to meet this day week.我们安排好一星期后见面。
When did I see her? Let me see. It was this day week.我什么时候见到她的？让我想一想。是一个星期前见到她的。
He was peevish these days.他近来有些急躁。
Edna annoyed him these days.埃德娜近来让他不高兴。
One must be firm these days.现在我们必须坚定。
A pound doesnt go far these days.现今一英镑不经一用。
The best coal is that the coal from Newcastle.最好的煤是纽卡斯尔的煤。
My seat is next to that the seat of the mayor.我的座位在市长座位旁边。
The potato crop in 1984 was inferior to that the potato crop of 1982.1984年的土豆收成比1982年差。
Had they failed their fate would have been that of Robespierre.如果他们失败了，他们的命运就会和罗伯斯庇尔一样。
Compare Chopins waltzes with those the waltzes of today.把肖邦的华尔兹舞曲和今天的华尔兹舞曲比一比。
His views are close to those the views of the Socialist Party.他们的观点接近社会党的观点。
Their objectives were not so drastic as those the objectives of the republicans.他们的目标没有共和党人那样激进。
We see him when he comes to town but that isnt often.他进城时我们就见到他，不过他不常进城。
Van Gogh succeeded in selling only one painting in his life time and that to his brother.
梵高一生只卖出一张画，这张画还是卖给他哥哥的。
I knew I was useless and that until I qualified myself to do something.我知道我百无一用，直到我有条件能有所作为。
John is a New Yorker; that is he lives in New York.约翰是纽约人，这就是说，他住在纽约。
Thats all for today.今天就讲这些。
Thats it. Youve described exactly what I felt about the film.你说对了，你正好说出了我对这部影片的感受。
I wont marry Peter and thats that.我不会嫁给彼得，情况就是这样。
He has said that we cant do it so thats that.他说我们不能这样做，情况就是这样。
Rupert and Archie lived together. That is to say Archie lived in Ruperts room.鲁帕特和阿基住在一起，这就是说阿基住在鲁帕特的房间里。
Whats that? He refuses to come?你说什么？他不肯来？
Whats that youve got in your hand?.你手上拿的是什么？
Who is that?Thats the managing director.这是哪位？这是总经理。
Do go and see who that is at the door.去看看门口是谁。
Is that you ringing the bell?是你在按门铃吗？
Who has borrowed my pen?谁借了我的钢笔？
Who do you think is the best player this year?你认为今年谁是最佳运动员？
Who is that girl?Shes my cousin.那女孩是谁？她是我表妹。
Whom do you like best?你最喜欢谁？
Whom do you mean by them?你说他们是指谁？
Whom are you writing to?你在给谁写信？
You saw whom?你见到谁了？
Who did you choose for the team?你们选了谁参加这个队？
Who did you give it to?你把它给谁了？
Who did you dance with?你和谁一起跳舞的？
Im writing a letter.Who to?我在写信。给谁写？
With whom did you go?你是和谁一起去的？
To whom shall I speak?我该和谁谈？
To whom did you give it?你把它给谁了？
Whose won the first prize?谁的获头等奖？
Whose is better?谁的好一些？
Whose is this?这是谁的？
Whose are you going to borrow?你准备借谁的？
whose一般很少单独使用，通常加上名词使用。
What happened?发生了什么事？
Which are our seats?哪些是我们的座位？
Which of them is the eldest?他们谁最大？
What did she say?她怎么说？
What would you like for breakfast?早饭你想吃什么？
Which do you prefer?你更愿意要哪一个？
What are you worrying about?你为什么事烦恼？
What are they looking for?他们在找什么？
Which of them should we rely on?他们中间我们应当依靠谁？
What things happened after we left?我们离开后发生了什么事？
Which seats are ours?哪些是我们的座位？
Whats your father?你父亲是干什么的？
Whoever said that?谁说的这个话？
Whoever told you such a ridiculous story?这荒谬的故事是谁给你讲的？
Whatever is the matter?到底出了什么事？
Whatever are they afraid of?他们到底怕什么？
It hasnt been announced who won the prizes.还没宣布谁获奖。
It is clear enough what he meant.他是什么意思很清楚。
It hasnt been announced which side won.哪边赢还没宣布。
I dont know who m you mean.我不知道你指谁。
I dont care what she thinks.她怎么想我不管。
Ask him which he wants.问他要哪一个。
He began to think about what he should do.他开始考虑应当怎样做。
The question is who m we should trust.问题是我们应当相信谁。
What I want to know is which road we should take.我想知道的是我们应走哪条路。
Show me what to do.告诉我怎样做。
I dont know what to say about your view.我不知道对你的看法应当怎样讲。
I cant decide which to choose.我不能决定选哪个好。
He doesnt know whom to believe.他不知该相信谁。
Bill said something to her about what to do.比尔给她讲了应当怎样做。
They exchanged views on the question of whom to elect.他们就该选谁的问题交换了意见。
连接代词与连接关系副词wherewhenwhyhow的区别，另可参见第280节。
What I want to say The thing I want to say is this.我想说的是这个。
This is what I bought the thing I bought.这是我买的东西。
What I say goes!我说了算！
What is over is over.过去的事就过去了。
What will be will be.该发生的事总是要发生的。
I cannot do what you ask of us.我不能做你要求我们做的事。
She began to criticize what Philip had done.她开始批评菲利浦的行为。
He could not express what he felt.他没法表达内心的感受。
He gave a description of what he had seen.他描述了他看到的情况。
I dont care about what people call position.我对人们所谓的地位并不在意。
She was not happy at what he had said.她对他的话感到不快。
Thats what I hope.这是我的愿望。
Power is what they are out for.他们追逐的是权力。
Thats what we should always keep in mind.这是我们经常要牢记在心的。
She wore what was very uncommon in the country a scarlet coat.她穿一件猩红色的大衣，这在那个国家是很少见的。
He happened to be home and what was rarer disengaged.他碰巧在家，而且没有什么事，这是更加少有的。
What friends she has are out of the country.她有的那些朋友全在国外。
We gave him what little help we could.我们给了他我们力所能及的帮助。
He collected what information he could find.他把能找到的资料都搜集起来。
He wont eat you whoever he is.不管他是谁，他也不能把你吃掉。
Whoever you are you cant pass this way.不管你是谁，你都不能从这里通过。
So dont lose heart whatever you do.不管你做什么你都不要灰心。
Whatever happened I must be calm.不管发生什么情况，我都必须镇静。
You have to go on whatever difficulties you meet.不管你碰到什么困难你都要继续干。
Whichever side wins I shall be happy.不管哪边赢，我都会高兴。
Whichever plan you adopt you will encounter difficulties.不管你采取哪个计划，你都会碰到困难。
It has the same result whichever way you do it.不管你用哪种办法做，结果都一样。
Whoever comes will be welcome.任何人来都欢迎。
Whoever wants the book may have it任何人要这书都可拿去。
Whatever she did was right.她做的一切都是对的。
Whichever of you comes in first will receive a prize.你们中间谁先到就会获奖。
They could marry whomever they might desire.他们可以和任何他们喜欢的人结婚。
Ill do whatever you wish.我会做你愿意我做的任何事。
Buy whichever is cheapest.买最便宜的。
Give it to whomever whoever you like.把它送给你愿送的任何人。
I always succeed in whatever I try.我试图做的任何事总是成功的。
They may vote in whichever district they choose.他们可以在他们挑选的任何地区投票。
whenever，wherever，however是连接词，但不是代词。
The girl who spoke is my best friend.讲话的姑娘是我最好的朋友。
The man whom I bought it from told me to oil it卖它给我的人让我给它擦油。
A mental patient is one whose mind is diseased.精神病人是脑子有病的人。
She was not in the train which arrived just now.她不在刚到的那列火车上。
把它们称作关系代词是因为它们有关连作用，把引起的从句和所修饰的词联系起来，这种从句可称作关系从句relative clauses，由于它修饰一个名词或代词，因而也称作定语从句attributive clauses。
Jim began to talk to a girl who sat next to him.吉姆开始和坐在他身旁的姑娘讲话。
My sister who is a nurse came home for a few days.我当护士的姐姐回来呆了几天。
Then I telephoned the doctor whom Charles had recommanded.于是我给查尔斯推荐的医生打了电话。
I wanted to find someone with whom I could discuss music.我想找一个能和我谈音乐的人。
She had been the one person to whom I looked for guidance.她是我唯一能寻求指点的人。
There are some people here who I want you to meet.这儿有几个人我希望你见见。
The man who I saw is called Smith.我见的那个人名叫史密斯。
Ive just met a lady whom I saw last week.我刚才碰到一位我上星期见到过的女士。
The people you were talking to are Swedes.刚才和你谈话的是瑞典人。
This is the man I gave it to.我就是拿给这个人的。
The girl to whom I spoke is my cousin.我和她谈话的那个姑娘是我表妹。
This is the man to whom I referred.我指的就是这个人。
The men whose houses were damaged will be compensated.房子被损坏的人将得到赔偿。
The woman whose umbrella you took is very angry about it.那个雨伞被你拿走的女人对此很生气。
The girl whose work got the prize is the youngest in her class.作品获奖的那个女孩是她班上年纪最小的。
My bitch whose temper is very uncertain often bites the judges at dog shows.我的母狗脾气不稳定，常常在狗展上咬裁判。
The house whose windows are broken is unoccupied.那个窗户破了的房子没人住。
It was an island whose name I have forgotten.这是一座岛，名字我忘了。
aIs he the man that who sells dogs?他就是卖狗的人吗？
She is the girl that you saw in school.她就是你在学校见到的那个女孩。
Who is the man that you were talking to?刚才和你讲话的人是谁？
bIt is a question that needs very careful consideration.这是一个需要仔细考虑的问题。
They live in a house that was built 200 years ago.他们住在一座两百年前盖的房子里。
Have you everything that you need?你需要的东西都有了吗?
Those books that you lent me were very useful.你借给我的那些书很有用。
Here is the car that I told you about.这就是我跟你谈到的那辆车。
She has everything that she could wish for.她想要的东西全有了。
He lives in the house which that is opposite ours.他住在我们对面的那栋房子里。
The dog which was lost has been found.丢失的狗找到了。
That is a factor which we must not neglect.这是一个我们不能忽略的因素。
That is the house which we built.这就是我们盖的房子。
Is there anything which you waned?想要什么东西吗？
Have you anything which youd like to sell?你有什么东西想卖吗？
Its a formality which we have to go through.这是我们必须履行的手续。
The documents for which they were searching have been recovered.他们找寻的文件已经找到了。
This is a subject about which we might argue for a long while.这是一个我们可能长时间争论的问题。
This is the house whichthat I went into.这就是我进去过的那座房子。
The chair whichthat you are sitting on is an antique.你坐的这把椅子是一件古董。
who，that，which有相似之处，也有不同之处。一般说来代表人时多用whom，代表东西时用that时更多一些，有时也可用which，在紧跟介词时只能用which，不能用that。在从句中作宾语时，这些关系代词常可省略。
定语从句有两类：限制性定语从句restrictive attributive clause和非限制性定语从句nonrestrictive attributive clause。
This is the book you want.这就是你要的那本书。
He is a man everyone respects.他是一个人人都敬重的人。
把前面例句都这样试一遍，你就会发现这些从句很重要，对说明所修饰词的意义不可或缺，是句子的主要组成部分。译成汉语时也多译成一个定语如你要的那本书，人人敬重的人。只有在限制性定语从句中，且在从句中作宾语的关系代词才能省略。
My sister who is a nurse came home for a few days.我姐姐是护士，她回家待了几天。
There was a search for Sophia whom no one had seen since dinner.大家都找寻索菲娅，晚饭之后就没人见到她了。
She had thirteen children eight of whom lived to grow up.她有十三个孩子，其中八个长大成人。
Chopin whose works are world famous composed some of his music in this room.肖邦的作品是世界知名的，有些乐曲就是在这个房间里谱写的。
The factory whose workers are all women is closed for part of the school holidays.这家工厂的工人全部是女工，在学校放假期间有部分时间关闭了。
She was very fond of speaking French which indeed she spoke well.她很喜欢讲法语，她的法语的确讲得很好。
The London team which played so well last season has done badly this season.伦敦队上个赛季打得非常好，这个赛季却打得很差。
这种句子译成汉语时常译成两个并列句，这从上面例句的译文中可以看出。在非限制性定语从句中不能使用that作关系代词。
They rely on themselves which is much better.他们依靠自己，这就好多了。
He has to work on Sundays which he doesnt like.他星期天得工作，这一点他不喜欢。
He changed his mind which made me very angry.他改变了主意，这使我很生气。
My father may have to go into hospital in which case he wont be going on holiday.我父亲可能需要住院，如果那样他就不去度假了。
We arrived at noon by which time the demonstration was over.我们是中午到的，这时游行已结束。
I called him by the wrong name for which mistake I apologize.我叫错了他的名字，为了这个错误我愿道歉。
He is studying economics which knoweledge is very important today.他学经济学，这种知识现今很重要。
Tom spent four years in college during which time he learned French.汤姆上了四年大学，在此期间他学了法语。
He hung around for hours and which was worse kept me from doing my work.他闲待了好几个钟头，更糟糕的是，这使我也没法工作。
It occurred to him that it would save a lot of trouble to destroy the advertisement. In which case he would have to explain to. Peter.他突然想到把那广告毁掉会省很多麻烦，如果那样他就得向彼得解释。
She must have time in which to grow calm.她需要有时间冷静下来。
He also had a revolver with which to defend himself.他还有一支左轮手枪防身。
She had no pretext on which to prolong her stay.她没有借口可以再待下去了。
关于定语从句，将在第十九章第381383节作进一步讨论。
还有不能兼作代词的限定词形容词主要是every，no。
Somebody wants to see you.有人想见你。
Somebody has taken my dictionary.有人把我的词典拿走了。
There is somebody in the room.房里有人。
Someone left this for you.有人给你留下了这个。
Someone has opened the letter.有人把这信拆开了。
There is someone waiting for him.有人在等他。
Has anybodyanyone anything more to say?还有谁有更多话要说？
Did anybody hear of such a thing?有谁听说过这样的事？
Did anyone call when I was out?我不在家时有人来过吗？
Is there anyoneanybody here?这里有人吗？
I didnt see anybodyanyone in the room.在房里我没看到人。
If you dont know the answer ask somebodysomeone.如果你不知道答案可以问人。
She wants somebody someone to look after her.她想有人照顾她。
I saw somebody someone pass but I dont know who it was.我看见有人经过，但不知是谁。
Did he leave any message for anybody?他给谁留口信了吗？
I hope this will not worry anyone.我希望这不会使任何人忧虑。
Theres no need to hurt anybodys feelings.没有必要伤害谁的感情。
Anybodyanyone will tell you where the bus stop is.任何人谁都可以告诉你公共汽车站在哪里。
Anyone can do that.谁都可以做这事。
Anyone who is over sixteen is allowed in.任何超过十六岁的人都允许进去。
Dont owe anybody anyone a penny.不要欠任何人一分钱。
We dont have to be dependent on anybodyanyone.我们不必依靠任何人。
That was the first encouragement he had ever received from anyone.
这是他从别人处得到的第一次鼓励。
I like his music more than anybodys music.
我喜欢他的音乐胜过任何人的音乐。
Everybody has some weak spots.人人都有弱点。
Everybody praised the book.人人都赞扬这本书。
I cannot read or write and everyone cheats me.我不识、字，人人都骗我。
Everyone laughed me included.大家都笑了，我也笑了。
Everything goes well with me.我一切都很顺利。
How is everything?一切如何？
In a small village everybody knows everybody also.在一个小村子里谁都认识谁。
Ive forgotten everything I learnt at school.我把学校里学的东西全忘了。
I will arrange everything.一切我来安排。
Money isnt everything.金钱不是一切。
I think thats everything.我想就这些。
Something must be done.得想办法。
There is something behind it.这里面有文章。
There was something missing.里面缺了点什么。
Has anything special happened?发生什么特别的事情了吗？
There isnt anything I can do for you.我帮不了你什么忙。
There is nothing to be said.没有什么可说的。
Nothing could make her alter her views.没有任何东西能使她改变看法。
I think I dropped something.我想我丟了一样东西。
I think I can find you something to do.我想我可以帮你找点事做。
I will tell you something of my own experience.我想给你谈一点我自己经历的事。
We cant decide anything now.现在我们不能决定什么。
I cant do anything like that.我不能做这样的事。
He had nothing to say about it.他对此没有话说。
Ive got nothing to do.我没有什么事做。
Its something to have got 100 from him.从他那儿得到100英镑钱不简单。
Its something to be home again without an accident.平安无事地回家了真是幸运。
I was cut a little but it wasnt anything.我刺了一个口子，但没什么。
Oh thats nothing.啊，这没什么。
Do you know anything about it?No I dont know anything I know nothing.你知道什么情况吗？不，我什么也不知道。
I havent got anything more to say I have nothing more to say.我再没有什么话要说了。
Ill do anything for you.我可以为你做任何事情。
You can take anything you want.你可以拿你要的任何东西。
Theres nobody in the room.房里没人。
Nobody had the right to question her doings.没有人有权对她的行为提出质问。
No oneNobody wants to interfere with you.没有人想干预你的事。
There was no onenobody to look after the child.没有人照顾这孩子。
I saw nobody in the room.我在屋里没看到人。
She likes nobodyno one and nobodyno one likes her.她不喜欢别人，也没别人喜欢她。
I had no onenobody to talk to.我没人可以交谈。
Mr. Povey was nobody.波维先生是个无关紧要的人。
Dont marry a nobody like James.不要嫁给一个像詹姆斯那样没地位的人。
Some of us agree some disagree.我们有些人同意，有些人不同意。
Some of the books are quite interesting.有些书很有意思。
Do you know any of her friends?你认识她朋友中什么人吗？
I dont think any of my books suit you.我想我的书都不适合你。
bSome of the milk has turned sour.有些奶酸了。
He asked for paper and I gave him some.他要纸，我给了他一些。
If you need money Ill lend you some.如果你需要钱，我可以借你一点。
Is there any left?还有剩的吗？
Did she give you any?她给了你一点没有？
I dont want any of it.我不要这个。
He is older than any of the other boys in his class.他比他班上任何同学年纪都大。
Any are at liberty to express his opinion.任何人都可以发表自己的意见。
You can read any of the books.你可以看这些书中的任何一本。
They are all free; take any of them you like.它们是免费的，你可以任意取一份。
aAsk some boys to help you.找几个男孩子帮助你。
We saw some fields and tree.我们看到一些田垄和树木。
There are some children outside.外面有一些孩子。
Are there any cows in the field?田野里有奶牛吗？
There are scarcely any flowers in the garden.花园里几乎没有花。
Wilson had no car.威尔逊没有汽车。
She had no hat on.她没戴帽子。
bPlease bring some coffee and cream.请送一些咖啡和奶油来。
Now you can give me some advice.现在你可以给我出点主意。
She ought to have some exercise.她应当有些运动。
Havent you any work to do?你难道没有什么工作可做？
There wont be any trouble.不会有麻烦。
There is no difficulty hope.没有困难希望。
Come any day you like.你哪天想来就来。
Any one of the plans will do.这些计划中的任何一个都行。
We did the work without any difficulty.我们干这工作没有任何困难。
aHe made no comment.他未做任何评论。
bHe is no genius.他不是天才。
Im no mathematician.我不是数学家。
Its no bad thing.这不是一件坏事。
I have run out of printing paper. Will you get me some?我的打印纸用完了，你能给我找点儿吗？
I bought a cheese cake. Will you have some?我买了奶奶酪饼，你要不要吃点儿？
Lend me some money.  Didnt he give you some?借点钱给我。难道他没给你一点？
Wed better go to some hotel.我们最好到某一家旅馆去。
Some day Im going to take a long motor trip.某一天我要骑摩托车作一次长途旅行。
这几个代词都是表示数量的，many，much表示多，few，little表示少。many，few代表可数名词，much，little代表不可数名词。
aMany of us were too tired to go further.我们中间很多人太累不能再往前走。
Many of them voted against the plan.他们很多人投票反对这个计划。
bHow many do you want?你要多少？
Youve given me too many.你给我太多了。
aMuch of the land was flooded.很多土地被水淹了。
Much has been said.话已说了很多。
bI havent much to tell you.我没有很多东西告诉你。
Youre asking too much.你要求太多。
aFew of my acquaintances like Sheila.我的熟人中很少人喜欢希拉。
Very few ever stopped to listen.很少人停下来听。
bI have very few chocolates left.我的巧克力糖剩得不多了。
He knew few of them.他们中间他认识的人很少。
aOnly a few of the children can read.孩子们只有几个能阅读。
There were only a few left.只剩几个了。
bI met a few of my friends there.在那里我碰见我的几个朋友。
He sold only a few of the papers.他只卖出了几份报纸。
aThere is little to be done now.现在没有什么办法可想了。
Little is known about his childhood.人们对他的童年知之甚少。
bHe knew little about it.他对它知道得很少。
We spend very little on food.我们在吃上花钱很少。
aThere is still a little left.还剩一点。
A little will do.一点儿就行。
bTry and eat a little.试着吃一点。
He know a little of everything.他什么都知道一点。
aDo you know many people in London?在伦敦你认识许多人吗？
How many cigarettes a day do you smoke?你每天抽几支香烟？
You havent many minutes to spare if you want to catch the train.如果你想赶上火车你已没剩多少分钟了。
He didnt make many mistakes.他没犯多少错误。
There are many reasons against it.有很多反对的理由。
cThere are too many mistakes in your exercises.你的练习里错误太多。
I never saw so many swans on the lake.我从未看见湖上有这么多天鹅。
aHow much rent do you pay?你付多少房租？
Do you have much money left?你剩的钱多吗？
The English do not drink much wine.英国人不喝很多酒。
We dont have much time left.我们不剩多少时间了。
bIve got too much work to do.我要做的工作太多了。
So Much money has been wasted.很那么多钱浪费掉了。
There were few people in the streets.街上人很少。
He has few friends.他朋友很少。
Could I have a few words with you?我能和你说几句话吗？
He had a few grey hairs.他有几根灰头发。
I still have a few things to pack.我还有几样东西要装到箱子里去。
She had little affection for him.她对他没有什么感情。
He could get little help from them.他不能从他们那里得到什么帮助。
She had little spare time.她空余时间很少。
She had a little cold.她有点感冒。
She had a little conversation with me.她和我谈了一会儿话。
aAll present could feel that.所有在场的人都可感到这一点。
All of them enjoyed themselves.所有的人都玩得很好。
Its hard to please all.要使所有的人高兴是困难的。
Its all for one and one for all.这是人人为我，我为人人。
bSo all is going well.因此一切都进行得很好。
cThis was all in French.这都是用法语写的。
This can all wait.这一切都可等一等。
Take it all.把这全拿走。
dAll you have to do is to listen.你只需要听着。
Youve seen all there is to see.可看的东西你全看了。
Thats all I want to say.我要说的话就这些。
All the children were under seven.所有的孩子都不到七岁。
All money is spent.所有钱都花光了。
Its beyond all doubt.这是不容怀疑的。
bWe worked hard all year.我们整年都努力工作。
A general strike paralyzed all Paris that day.那天总罢工使整个巴黎瘫痪。
All Britain lies between the 49th and the 62nd paralleles of latitude.整个不列颠位于北纬49至62度之间。
cThe boy was all attention.那男孩聚精会神地听着。
He was all cordiality.他十分诚恳。
He was all eyes as the train sped through the country.火车驰过田野时他凝神注视。
At the moment he was all energy.此刻他劲头十足。
aTwo boys entered. Each was carrying a suitcase.两个小伙子走了进来，每人提着一只箱子。
Each must do his best.每人都要尽自己的力量。
Each of them came at a different time.他们每人都在不同时间到来。
bHe gave two to each.他给了每个人两个。
A chrysanthemum was presented to each of the ladies.送给每位女士一朵菊花。
From each according to his ability to each according to his needs.各尽所能，各取所需。
cThey each signed the paper.他们每个人都在文件上签了字。
They each had a bedroom.他们每人有一间卧室。
I fine you each five dollars.我罚你们每人五美元。
He went to see her each afternoon.他每天下午都去看她。
Each boy gets a prize.每个男孩得了一份奖。
I try to put by a little each week.我每星期存一点钱。
None of them spoke English.他们中间没有一个人能讲英语。
How many books are on the table?None.桌上有几本书？一本也没有。
None of us are perfect.我们谁也不是完人。
None of the things they said were new to me.他们说的话对我全不新鲜。
None of them has any great ability.他们谁也没有太大能力。
None of these improvements has cost much.这些改进都没花太多钱。
He likes none of the books.这些书他全不喜欢。
How many fish did you catch?None.你捕到多少鱼？一条也没捕到。
We none of us said anything.我们谁也没说话。
We have none of us large appetites.我们谁饭量都不大。
We are none of us under any obligation to do it.我们谁都没有义务这样做。
aNone of the blame is yours.一点也不怪你。
None of the money was ever recovered.这笔钱一点也没找回来。
bShe had none of her brothers beauty.她弟弟的美她一点也没有。
Have you no money at all?None.你一点钱都没有？点钱都没有。
aBoth should make concessions.双方都应作让步。
Both of them were men of the highest position in England.两人都是英国地位最高的人。
bWhy not use both?何不两者都用？
Take both of them.把它们两个都拿去。
I wish both of you well.我希望你们两人都好。
cThey both refused to surrender.他们两人都不肯投降。
You must both come over some evening.哪天晚上你们两人都来。
I took photographs of them both.我给他们两人都照了相。
He has bought both her books.他把她的两本书都买了。
She clasped Helens hand in both hers.她用双手抓住海伦的手。
That was the trouble with both his children.他两个孩子都有这问题。
aEither of the plans is equally dangerous.两个计划中的任何一个都同样危险。
Either of them will do.它们两者中哪一个都会令人满意。
bI will take either.两者中我随便拿哪个都行。
You may take either of the roads.两条路你走哪一条都行。
I dont agree with either of you.你们两人的意见我都不同意。
Are is either of the boys ready?两个男孩都准备好了吗？
You may go by either road.你走两者中的哪条路都行。
Either one will suit me.两者中哪个对我都合适。
He could write with either hand.他两只手都能写字。
On either side of the river lie cornfields.河的两边都是玉米地。
There was an armchair at either end of the long table.长桌的两头各有一把扶手椅。
aNeither of us could help laughing.我们两人都禁不住笑了。
For a long time neither spoke again.好长一段时间两人谁也没有再讲话。
Neither of them was satisfactory.两个都不令人满意。
Neither of my friends has come yet.我的两个朋友都还没来。
bI like neither.两个我都不喜欢。
Which will you have?Neither thank you.你要哪一个？谢谢你，哪个我都不要。
cThey neither of them wanted to go.他们两人都不想去。
I beg that youll neither of you say anything.我求你们两人谁也别说什么。
Theyve neither of them succeeded in winning her confidence.他们两人谁也没能赢得她的信任。
Neither of us are much good.我们两人谁也不太行。
aOne of my brothers is named Paul the other is named Peter.我一个弟弟叫保罗，另外那个弟弟叫彼得。
What I say goes in at one ear and out at the other.我的话他是一只耳朵进，另一只耳朵出。
We got home at 6 oclock but the other didnt get back until 10.我们6点钟到家，而另外几个10点才回来。
bHe held a sword in one hand and a pistol in the other.他是一只手拿着刀，另外那只手拿着枪。
Its difficult to tell the twins one from the other.很难把一个孪生兄弟姐妹和另外那个区分开。
This book of his doesnt approach his others in quality.他这本书在质量上赶不上他的另外那几本。
Some like milk chocolate others prefer plain chocolate.有些人喜欢奶油巧克力。其他的人则喜欢不带奶油的巧克力。
She thinks only of others good.她只想到别人的利益。
Show me some others.再拿一些给我看。
There are other ways of doing this exercises.还有别的办法做这个练习。
Have you any other book s on this subject?你还有关于这个问题的其他书吗？
It imitates the cries of other birds.它模仿其他鸟的叫声。
He found there was one other guest besides himself.他发现除了他自己还有另外一个客人。
Im busy now. Please come at some other time.我现在很忙，请找另外的时间来。
aThere was a rainbow in the sky and another in his heart.天上有一道彩虹，他心里则有另一条。
Then another rose to speak.接着另外一个人又起来发言。
bI dont like this one show me another.我不喜欢这个，另拿一个给我看。
She had forwarded another of your letters to Kurt.她把你的另一封信转给了库尔特。
aShe was painting another portrait.她在画另一张人像。
There is another way of looking at the question.还有另一种办法来看待这个问题。
Of course thats another matter.自然那是另一回事。
bRick had had another operation.里克又做了一次手术。
Three days later there came another snowstorm.三天之后又来了一场暴风雪。
Well have another talk about it.我们将再谈一次。
Have another cup of tea.再喝一杯茶。
Ive got another three minutes.我还有三分钟。
The strike may last another six weeks.罢工可能还要持续六个礼拜。
Where shall we be in another ten years?再过十年我们会在哪儿？
Theyll give you another thousand dollars.他们还会给你一千美元。
在这类数词中，hundred thousand million billion等词一般都用单数形式。
Weve got one micro and two electric typewriters.我们有一台微电脑两台电动打字机。
That store sells several thousand dresses every month.那家商店每月售出几千件衣服。
Over one million pounds have been raised.筹集了一百多万英镑。
The other six are masterpieces.另外六本都是杰作。
There are five of us in all.我们总共是五个人。
One thousand will be enough.一千足够了。
I saw four of these programmes.这些节目我看了四个。
How many do you want?Eight please.你要多少？请给我八个。
This cost us several thousand s.这花了我们几千英镑。
The city has a population of four million.这座城市有四百万人口。
We are altogether fourteen.我们总共是十四个人。
Five plus seven is twelve.五加七等于十二。
I am a woman and you three are not.我是女人，你们三个人不是。
Is there room for us two?有我们两人住的地方吗？
What work are you to assign us three?你分配我们三个人什么工作？
Hundreds of buildings have sprung up this year.今年盖起了成百上千座大楼。
Thousands of people go to the seaside every year.每年成千上万的人到海滨去。
Tens of thousands of buffaloes used to roam the prairie.过去有数以万计的野牛在草原上奔跑。
Millions of dollars have gone into the building of this factory.数以百万计的美金被投入修建这座工厂。
They arrived in twos and threes in thousands.他们三三两两成千上万地来了。
He is in his early twenties.他才二十一二岁。
He died still in his forties.他四十多岁就死了。
She was by now in her late thirties.现在她三十八九岁了。
This took place in the 1930s.这事发生在20世纪30年代。
I was working in Singapore in the 60s.在60年代我在新加坡工作。
eighth第八，ninth第九，twelfth第十二，twentieth第二十等。
first，second等词常缩写为1st，2nd，3rd，20th，21st等。
The first three runners won medals.头三名赛跑的人获得奖牌。
Argentina is the second biggest nation in Latin America.阿根廷是拉丁美洲第二大国。
She received a video camera for her fourteenth birthday.她十四岁生日时收到一台摄像机。
It was the third time I had been there.这是我第三次到那里。
It was the 100th anniversary of his death.这是他逝世100周年。
She was second in line in her class.她排第二在班上是第二名。
Gordon Johncock was third.戈登约翰库克是第三名。
You will be the first to speak.你将第一个发言。
First went to the American team.第一名美国队拿去了。
The first one was no good; the second was better.第一个不行，第二个好一点。
The third of the month was a holiday.那个月的三号放假。
The third child tried to outdo the first and second.第三个孩子设法表现得比第一、二两个孩子好。
I was among the first to arrive.我是第一批到的。
She stopped at the first of the trees.她在第一棵树前停了下来。
Well have to do it a second time.我们得再做一次。
Shall I ask her a third time?我还要问她一次吗？
When he sat down a fourth man rose to speak.他坐下后，又一个站起来发言。
A second pheasant flew up. Then a third and a fourth.又一只雉鸡飞了起来，接着又一只，又一只。
A quarter of the workers are women.四分之一的工人是女工。
Twofifths of the machines on display were new items.展出的机器五分之二是新产品。
A third of the American forces were involved.美国军队的三分之一卷了进去。
Over ninetenths of Chinas inhabitants belong to the Han nationality.中国居民的十分之九以上都是汉族。
They spent onefifth of the money on capital construction.他们把这笔钱的五分之一用在基本建设上。
The Kang took up twothirds of the space.炕就占了三分之二的地方。
They account for onesixth of the population.他们占人口的六分之一。
The crop that year was only onethird of the usual amount.那年的收成只是正常年景的三分之一。
About 480 million people about twofifths of our population live in this immense area.大约有四亿八千万人，占我国人口的五分之二，居住在这片辽阔的地区。
Its onetwentieth the thickness of a human hair.它相当于人头发丝的二十分之一那样细。
The mass of an electron is 11850 that a hydrogen atom.电子的质量是氢原子质量的一千八百五十分之一。
It produces power at 18 the cost in a thermal power plant.它的发电成本只是热电厂成本的八分之一。
China is onesixth larger than the United States.中国比美国大六分之一。
This substance reacts onetenths as fast as the other one.这种物质的反应速度是另一物质的十分之一。
The bottle had been about threequarters full then.那时瓶子里大约四分之三满。
The length of the laser tube was reduced ten times.这种激光管的长度缩短了十分之九为原来的十分之一。
A is ten times as light as B. A是B重量的十分之一。
Our grain output is now 2.4 times that of 1980.我们现在的粮食产量是1980年的2.4倍。
Its total output value was up 3.6 times in three years.它的总产值三年增长了3.6倍。
Its capacity was 7.3 times as great as in 1970.它的生产能力是1970年的7.3倍。
Its output of cotton went up by 20 per cent.它的棉花产量增长了百分之二十。
The price was reduced by 18 per cent.价格降低了百分之十八。
Its total output value increased by 11.5 per cent over the previous year.它的总产值比前一年增长百分之十一点五11.5。
Its grain output was 46.5 per cent higher than that of 1985.它的粮食产量比1985年增长了46.5。
Unemployment has increased 1.5 per cent.失业率增加了1.5。
The output value of chemical fertilizer in the first quarter was 18 per cent above that of the same period in 1990.第一季度化肥总产量比1990年同期增长了百分之十八。
aAbout 40 per cent of the students are girls.约有百分之四十的学生是女生。
90 per cent of most food is water.大多数食物百分之九十都是水分。
bThe loss of metal has been reduced to less than 20.金属损耗减少到百分之二十以下。
cThe March figure for output value registed a 37 per cent increase over February.三月份产值比二月份增长百分之三十七。
顾名思义，量词是表示数量的词。它不是一种词类，它包含许多不同词类的词，甚至某些短语。
a许多与数量有关的代词和限定词，如some，many，much，few等。
b各种数词，如two，half，a third，90等。
c名词与of构成的表数量的短语，如a lot of，plenty of a number of，an amount of等。
d某些与数量有关的形容词，如several，enough，whole，half等。
e某些与数量有关的名词，如feet，miles，years，dozen等。
f某些与数量有关的合成词，如fivedollar bill，fivepage summary等。
g某些词组的所有格，如nine months experience，two weeks notice等。
下面将按这个顺序概括地加以处理。
How many eggs are there in the fridge?There are a few plenty.冰箱里有多少鸡蛋？有几个很多。
How much milk is there in the fridge?There is a little plenty.冰箱里有多少牛奶？有一点很多。
Id like some more chips.我想再要一些薯条。
He has very little hope of winning the car race.他赛车获胜的希望很小。
Less oil was produced this year than last.今年生产的石油比去年少。
Such programmes on TV attract the least viewers.这种电视节目看的人最少。
Have some of this wine.这种酒你喝一点。
Ill lend you a few of my books.我借你几本我的书。
None of this milk can be used.这牛奶一点都不能用了。
It cost less than5.它的价钱还不到5英镑。
Not much is happening in our town.我们城市现在没发生多少事。
How much many do you want?Just a little few.你要多少？只要一点几个。
All of the country was against it.全国都反对这个。
Most of the population have fled.大部分人都逃走了。
Only a few of the attackers were armed.袭击的人只有少数有武器。
关于数量词的用法等内容，还可参阅第233239节。
I met a lot of interested people on holiday.我度假时碰到很多有趣的人。
A great deal of money is spent on research.研究工作上花了许多钱。
A large number of their students are Asians.他们的很多学生是亚洲人。
A great amount of our investments are in property.我们大量的钱都投资到房地产中。
A great good many of them couldnt find work.他们很多人找不到工作。
He lost a great quantity of blood.他大量失血。
Lets have a bit of music.咱们放一点音乐。
Shes expecting in a couple of months.她一两个月之后就要生产了。
I have a heap of work to do.我有大量工作要干。
Part of the farm lay close to the river bank.农场有一部分在河岸边。
She had plenty of imagination.她很有想象力。
There are plenty of men out of work.有很多人失业。
The report contains large numbers of inaccuracies.这项报道有很多不准确之处。
She bought lots of clothes in New York.她在纽约买了很多衣服。
Weve had quantities of rain this summer.今年夏天下了很多雨。
I had heaps of presents on my birthday.我生日那天收到大量礼物。
I have great masses of unanswered letters.我有大量没回的信。
I have tons of work to do before I leave.我走前有大量工作要做。
Several of his best books are about space flight.他有几本最好的书都是关于太空飞行的。
They had loads of things to say to each other.他们彼此有很多话要说。
Heres a bit of paper.这儿有一点纸。
A drop of blood fell on it.一滴血滴在上面了。
The petals are covered with little drops of dew.花瓣上有些细小的露珠。
He put a pinch of salt on his food.他在他的菜上放了一小撮盐。
I use just a speck of cream in my coffee.我咖啡里只加一点点奶油。
There isnt a grain of truth in his statement.他的话毫无真实之处。
She added a touch of sugar.她加了一点点糖。
There was a trace of sadness in her smile.她的笑里带有一丝忧伤。
There is not a shred of truth in that story.这个讲法毫无真实之处。
Put in just a dash of pepper.放一点点胡椒粉。
I need a spot of brandy.我需要一点白兰地。
She produced a ball of wool.她拿出一团毛线。
A column of smoke appeared above the hill.小山上升起一股浓烟。
There was a ring of light round the moon.月亮周围有一圈月晕。
A shaft of light came through the window.一道亮光从窗子射了进来。
I will buy you a stick of chocolate.我去给你买一根巧克力糖。
There is a strip of garden behind the house.房子后面有一个狭长的花园。
A thread of light passed through the crack.从缝里射进一道细细的亮光。
The bird had a tuft of feathers on top of its head.这鸟头上有一撮羽毛。
She sensed a wall of hostility between them.她感到他们之间有一堵敌意的墙。
A gush of water came out when the pump started.水泵开动时一股水流了出来。
A gust of wind scattered the leaves.一阵风使树叶散落。
A fountain sends up a jet of water.喷泉喷出一股水。
A stream of traffic crossed the bridge.一股车流从桥上通过。
A torrent of water swept down the valley.一阵激流从山谷冲刷而下。
A bunch of grapes hung from the vine.葡萄藤上垂着一串葡萄。
A group of journalists gathered at the airport.一群新闻记者聚集在机场。
A bunch of children surrounded the icecream man.一伙孩子围着卖冰其淋的人。
He conducted a company of tourists.他领着一批旅游的人。
A gang of swimmers appeared at the dock.码头上出现一伙游泳的人。
A team of doctors worked all night to save his life.一队医生彻夜工作来挽救他的生命。
At the circus we were entertained by a troupe of acrobats.在马戏团一队杂技演员为我们演出。
A flock of wild geese flew overhead.一群大雁从头上飞过。
A herd of elephants came in sight.一群大象进入视野。
A pack of hounds chased the fox.一群猎犬追逐狐狸。
We saw a pride of lions resting by the stream.我们看见一群狮子在溪边休息。
A swarm of locusts destroyed the crop.一窝蝗虫毁坏了庄稼。
The fish was about eight feet long.那条鱼有八英尺长。
He was about six feet tall.他约六英尺高。
The sword was about three feet long.那把剑约有三英尺长。
The room is 2 metres wide.那房间两米宽。
The water was fifteen feet deep.水有十五英尺深。
The layer of rock was ten metres thick.那层岩石有十米厚。
How broad is the street river?街河有多宽？
The building is nine stories high.那座楼有九层高。
A whole city was destroyed in the earthquake.一整廣城在地震中被摧毁。
The place was only half a mile from our house.这地方离我家只有半英里远。
Several people were injured.有几个人受了伤。
We have enough seats for everyone.我们有足够的座位给大家坐。
It was a great loss to us.这对我们是很大的损失。
Its the largest school in the city.这是这座城市最大的学校。
The bag is too small. Have you a larger one?这个包太小。你有大些的吗？
She showed me into a tiny bedroom.她让我看了一间极小的卧室。
They grow to twenty feet.它们可长到二十英尺长。
The block of stone weighed up to a hundred tons.那块巨石有一百吨重。
Reduce the temperature by a few degrees.把温度降低几度。
It weights fifty or more kilos.它的重量有五十或超过五十公斤。
I put on nearly 10 kilos in weight.我体重几乎增加了10公斤。
They are thirty centimetres in length.它们长度有三十公分。
It was close on ten feet in height它们接近十英尺高。
He carried a block of ice about one cubic foot in size.他拿着一块约一立方英尺大小的冰块。
He look out a fivedollar bill.他拿出一张五美元的妙票。
I wrote a fivepage summary of the situation.我写了一篇五页长的形势总结。
It was a fourstoreyed house.这是一座四层的楼房。
This is a ten fold increase in five years.在五年中翻了十倍。
I pay him four per cent interest.我付给他百分之四的利息。
Its permu yield is 500 kilos.它的亩产量为500公斤。
What is the average per capita wage in this country?这个国家的人均工资是多少？
He works a 44hour week.他每周工作44小时。
Shes already had nine months experience.她已经有了九个月的经验。
He had been given two weeks notice.他已接到通知，两周后离职。
Shes on a years leave from Hunter College.亨特学院给了她一年的假期。
He wanted three weeks holiday.他要求三个星期的假期。
He had asked for half a days leave.他请了半天假。
He sat there for one and half hours.我在那里坐了一个半钟头。
This happened four and a half centuries ago.这是四个半世纪前发生的事。
The island measures about 30 miles by 50 miles.这座岛长50英里，宽30英里。
Lake Nyasa is 450 miles long by about 50 miles wide.丽莎湖450英里长，约50英里宽。
The box measures approximately 26 inches wide 25 inches deep 16 inches high.这个箱子大约26英寸宽，25英寸深，16英寸高。
The car could do only fortyfive miles per hour.这辆车每小时只能开四十五英里。
合成形容词compound adjective。
限定词也是一种形容词，前面讨论代词时已一并谈了，这里就不再讨论了。
Im happy in my work.我工作很愉快。
Hes still very sad about his sisters death.对他姐姐的死他仍然感到悲伤。
Thats a wise decision.这是明智的决定。
She looks very young.她看起来很年轻。
Shes astonishingly pretty.她漂亮得惊人。
She married a wealthy banker.她嫁给了一位有钱的银行家。
My grandma is very healthy.我奶奶身体很好。
Its not a big stream but its very pleasant.这条溪流不大，但很招人喜欢。
The house was quiet.房子里很安静。
Everybody seemed joyful.大家似乎都很高兴。
这类形容词一般能用于比较级，如smaller，weaker，younger等。
They need financial help.他们需要经济援助。
We treasure our cultural heritage.我们珍视我们的文化遗产。
That would be an ideal place for a picnic.这是野餐的理想地方。
The central aim of that government is social equality.那个政府的中心目标是社会平等。
Thats our daily work.这是我们的日常工作。
Large masses of people there lacked the basic necessities of life.那里的广大人民群众缺乏基本的生活必需品。
He said he had abdominal pains.他说肚子疼。
Hes our foreign minister.他是我们的外交部长。
She has sufficient knowledge for the work.她有足够的知识干这种工作。
They were building a nuclear power plant.他们在修一座核电厂。
这类形容词不能用于比较级。
She has got blue eyes.她是蓝眼睛。
Would you like green tea or black tea?你愿意要绿茶还是红茶？
Hes got scarlet fever.他患了猩红热。
Jane went bright crimson.简的脸变得通红。
His hair has turned grey.他的头发已经变得灰白。
Carrots are orange.胡萝卜是橘红色。
Their ideal was absolute independence.他们的理想是绝对独立。
It was pure luck that he was home when I called.我去时他在家完全是幸运。
This is utter nonsense.这完全是胡说八道。
He is a total failure.他完全失败了。
He looked a perfect fool.他十足的傻瓜样。
He is a complete stranger to me.他对我完全是一个陌生人。
He was an amusing man of fortyfive.他是一个四十五岁的有趣的人。
Statistics on juvenile delinquency are alarming.少年犯罪的统计数字令人惊讶。
What youve just told me is very surprising.你刚才告诉我的情况令我吃惊。
This is a charming village.这是一座可爱的村庄。
Its a most boring book.这是一本非常枯燥乏味的书。
Its a very convincing example.这是一个非常有说服力的例子。
The flowers in the park were pleasing.公园里的花赏心悦目。
The story has a satisfying ending.这故事有一个令人满意的结尾。
这类形容词都为品质形容词，可作定语，也可用作表语。有时可用于最高级，如：most amazing，most disappointing。
不过，这些还未成为形容词。
The lady seemed distressed.那位夫人显得很痛苦。
Mr Knight gave a satisfied smile.奈特先生满意地笑了笑。
She had a worried look on her face.她脸上带有愁容。
Interested members will meet at two.有兴趣的会员两点钟碰头。
She could hear his agitated voice.她可以听见他激动的声音。
She threw me a quick frightened glance.她快速惊恐地望了我一眼。
I am getting bored and homesick.我感到厌烦想家。
He had become disillusioned with them.他对他们感到幻想破灭。
She looked embarrassed.她显得尴尬的样子。
How depressed he looked!他显得多么忧郁！
All these are required subjects.所有这些都是必修课。
Are the rooms furnished?那些房间有家具吗？
The wound was infected with germs.伤口受到病菌感染。
She is a trained nurse.她是一个受过训练的护士。
His words had a hidden meaning.他的话有暗含的意思。
The reduced income forced him to economize.收入减少迫使他节约。
He bought a packet of dried beef apricots.他买了一小包牛肉干杏干。
Established customs are difficult to change.形成的习俗不容易改变。
He is a man of fixed opinions.他是一个有固定看法的人。
I was pleased with the results.我对结果感到高兴。
He was prepared to make concessions.他准备做些让步。
She was touched beyond words.她感动得无法形容。
She was thrilled at by the invitation.受到邀请她十分激动。
He was convinced of the truth of the report.他相信报道是真实的。
we are all involved whether we like it or not.不管我们愿不愿意我们都牵涉进去了。
She was terribly tired.她累得要命。
She was evidently a little scared.她显然有些惊慌。
Soon he was lost in the crowd.不久他消失在人群中。
He bought a longplaying record.他买了一张慢速唱片。
He is a heavy smoker.他抽烟很多。
What you say is sheer nonsense.你这些话完全是胡说八道。
Abraham Lincoln was a selfmade man.林肯是一个自学成才的人。
He is unwell. He fells faint.他身体不舒服，他感到头晕。
She was welleducated.她受过良好的教育。
He soon became selfemployed.不久他就自己当了老板，不再受雇于人。
Dont get overtired.不要过于劳累。
Who left the door open?谁没关门？
Martin found the work slightly dull.马丁发现这工作稍稍有点枯燥。
Sit down and make yourself comfortable.请坐，不要拘束。
I wish you well.我希望你好。
She came over eager to help.她走了过来，很想帮忙。
We stayed up late anxious to finish the work.我们待到很晚没睡，急于完成这项工作。
He arrived home hungry and tired.他又饿又累地回到家里。
She lay awake half the night.她有半夜没睡着。
aThe current affair the biggest in its history is being held in Guangzhou.目前的交易会，是有史以来规模最大的，正在广州举行。
bStrange to say he did pass his exam after all.说也奇怪，考试他竟然通过了。
Im a bit afraid of her.我有点怕她。
She was unable to speak for a moment.有一会儿她说不出话来。
He was ill that day.那天他生病。
My views are similar to yours.我的看法和你的相似。
She was allergic to serum they used.她对他们用的血清过敏。
Smoking is injurious to the lungs.抽烟对肺有害。
The treaty is subject to ratification.这项条约尚待批准。
He was aware of the danger that faced him.他意识到他面临的危险。
She was perfectly capable of taking care of herself.她完全能够照顾自己。
She was desirous of meeting the President.她很想见到总统。
Fever may be indicative of an infection.发烧可能是有炎症的症兆。
The hall will soon be filled with people.大厅一会儿就会坐满人。
He was not lacking in courage.他并不缺乏勇气。
Many of their courses are connected with industry.他们很多课程都与工业有关。
He was descended from an ancient family.他是一个古老家庭的后代。
They were unable to help us.他们没法帮助我们。
Im willing to try.我愿意试试。
He is liable to catch cold.他很容易感冒。
He is not fit to be a member of the club.他不适合当俱乐部会员。
She was afraid to go home.她害怕回家。
I was happy to see them again.再次看到他们我很高兴。
He was almost ashamed to tell her that.他几乎羞于把这事告诉她。
The book is difficult to understand.这书很难懂。
Im afraid I cant give you much help.恐怕我不能给你多大帮助。
She was surprised that I knew all about it.这事我全知道她感到惊奇。
She was frightened that her mother wouldnt come back.她害怕她妈不回来了。
I felt angry that they had left me out.他们没把我包括进去我很生气。
强调形容词通常用作定语，颜色形容词在多数情况下都用作定语。
sure: Its a sure thing theyll come.他们肯定会来。
glad: It is a glad day for all of us.这对我们大家都是一个愉快的日子。
sorry: What a sorry situation!多么悲惨的局面！
fond: A fond mother may spoil her child.溺爱的母亲可能把孩子惯坏。
ill: The war had many ill consequences.战争有许多不良后果。
due: He has his due reward.他得到了应有的报偿。
likely: This is a likely place for him to stay.这是他很可能待的地方。
ready: He always has a ready answer.他总是有现成的答案。
ill: I found him seriously ill.我发现他病得很重。
ready: Have your tickets ready.大家把票准备好。
likely: He knew of no patient likely to ring him at that hour.他不知道有什么病人会这么晚给他打电话。
alive: Lets keep the fish alive.咱们让鱼活着。
alone: I hate to leave you alone in the house.我不愿让你一人待在这屋里。
sure: What made you so sure of yourself?什么使你这般自信？
well: I hope to see you well soon.我希望你不久就痊愈。
unable: I felt myself unable to leave Grandpa.我感到自己离不开爷爷。
Curious we looked around for other guests.由于好奇，我们向四面看看有什么别的客人。
He emerged from the accident unharmed.他在车祸中没有受伤。
Overjoyed she dashed out of the house.她非常高兴，急步跑出屋去。
Unable to find words to express themselves they silently grasped our hands.由于找不到话表达自己的感情，他们默默地握住了我们的手。
The manager approached us full of apologies.经理满怀歉意向我们走来。
Some tickets are issued free of charge.有些票是免费提供的。
He read all kinds of books ancient and modern Chinese and foreign.他读了很多书，古今中外都有。
People old and young took to the streets to watch the parade.老老少少的人都来到街头观看游行。
I found Jim unconscious a few hours later.几个钟头之后我发现，吉姆已失去知觉。
I met Sally angry at me as always at the party.在晚会上我碰到莎丽，她还像平常那样生我的气。
Cheerful efficient and warmhearted they do everything to make your journey comfortable.他们乐观、能干、热情，总是想方设法使你旅途舒适。
Conscientious and eager she took down everything he said.她很认真热情，把他讲的话都记了下来。
She was now president elect.她现在是当选总统了。
Japan proper excludes the outlying islands.日本本土不包括四围的岛屿。
The minister designate waved to them.那位尚未就职的部长向我们挥手。
Their leader was the devil incarnate.他们的头头是魔鬼的化身。
Goodness gracious!天哪！
The river is thirty feet broad.这条河有三十英尺宽。
The lake is eight feet deep.湖有八尺深。
He is forty years old.他四十岁了。
She is only five feet tall.她只有五英尺高。
不过这些词并不修饰前面的名词，毋宁说前面的数词名词修饰这类形容词。
Who is the greatest man alive Who is alive?谁是活着的最伟大的人？
She is the only person aware of the danger.她是唯一意识到这危险的人。
He is very devoted to his wife.他非常忠于他的妻子。
The shop stays open till seven oclock.这家商店一直开到晚上七点。
Please dont get angry.请不要生气。
She remained comparatively calm.她保持相对平静。
He seemed to me quite normal.在我看来他似乎相当正常。
I feel a little cross.我感到有点生气。
He makes me ashamed of myself.他使我感到惭愧。
I find this hot weather very trying.我发现这种炎热的天气很难受。
Im delighted to see you so happy.我很高兴看到你这样愉快。
Good food keeps you healthy.好的饮食使你健康。
This made the street as light as day.这使街道亮得如同白昼。
Ive never seen her quite so sure of herself.我从未看见她这样自信过。
He could not understand what she found wrong with him.他不明白她发现他什么地方有问题。
aAfraid of being cut off they lost no time in turning back.由于怕被切断，他们立即往回撤。
Much interested he agreed to give it a try.由于很感兴趣，他同意试一下这个方法。
Enthusiastic they are quite cooperative.他们很热情，很愿意合作。
Flushed and breathless she bounded in through the gate.她满脸通红气喘吁吁从大门口跑了进来。
bHe said nothing but sat silent smoking.他没说话，只静静地坐着抽烟。
We get medical care free of charge.我们享受公费医疗。
Now she was back eager to see her friends.现在她回来了，极想见她的朋友。
She gave him the overcoat anxious to be of service.她把大衣递给他，极想为他做事。
Many poets have young.许多诗人很年轻就死了。
The door flew open.门一下打开了。
I drink the milk hot.我喝热牛奶。
An earthquake laid the city flat.一次地震把这座城市夷为平地。
Everywhere there are irregation projects large and small completed or still under construction.到处是灌溉工程，有大的有小的，有完工的，也有仍在修建的。
The middleaged man is a newly elected team leader able open and sincere.这位中年人是我们新选出的队长，能干，开朗，为人诚恳。
Selfless and anxious to help others he led a simple life and studied perseveringly.他大公无私，热心助人，过着简朴的生活，坚持不懈地学习。
Full of youthful vigour he was diligent and modest.他朝气蓬勃，勤劳谦逊。
Strange to say he was not hurt.说也奇怪，他并未受伤。
He may be late. Worse still he may not come at all.他可能会迟到。更糟的是，他可能根本不来。
Most important of all these activities have strengthened their ties with the working people.最重要的是，这些活动加强了他们和劳动人民的联系。
More important still I did not want to worry Maxim.更重要的是，我不希望让马克西姆发愁。
No further discussion is necessary.不必作进一步的讨论。
Who is the eldest sister?谁是大姐？
He is my elder brother.他是我哥哥。
Which coat is more expensive?哪一件大衣更贵一些？
Who is taller?谁高一些？
Are you feeling better today?你今天感到好些了吗？
Ill try to be more careful next time.下次我要更小心一些。
We must do more with less money.我们要少花钱多办事。
Which town is farther from this city?哪个城镇离这座城市更远？
My pronunciation is poor. His is even worse.我的语音不好，他的更差。
Which book is less difficult?哪本书困难少一些？
Ill try to make fewer mistakes next time.我下次要少犯一些错误。
You must be more careful in future.你以后要更细心一些。
We need to be more flexible.我们需要更灵活。
As the days went by she became less anxious.随着时日的推移，她变得不那么焦急了。
An evening dress would be more suitable.晚礼服会更合适。
He planned to buy more clothes.他计划买更多的衣裳。
aHelen is taller than Nancy.海伦比南希高。
China is bigger than the United States.中国比美国大。
My room is smaller cleaner than yours.我的房间比你的小干净。
Manchester is farther from London than Oxford.曼彻斯特离伦敦比牛津远。
Facts are more eloquent than words.事实胜于雄辩。
Tom is younger than me than I am.汤姆比我年轻。
Jane is shorter than her than she is.简比她矮。
She knows more about history than most people.她的历史知识比多数人丰富。
There are fewer boys than girls in our class.我们班男生比女生少。
Charles was more amiable than his predecessor.查尔斯比他的前任更和镇可亲。
bThe weather is better today than yesterday.今天天气比昨天好。
She is busier than ever.她比过去任何时候都忙。
She was feeling a little better than usual.她这时感觉比平常好点儿了。
Their evenings together were even happier than before.他们晚上在一起甚至比过去更高兴了。
It takes less time to go there by plane than by train.坐飞机去比坐火车去更省时间。
She is in better health now than she was last year.她现在身体比去年好。
The yield this year is better than in any normal year.今年产量比任何正常年景好。
cShe was more intelligent than I imagined.她比我想象的聪明。
He is better than I took him for.他比我原来想象的好。
I feel less tired today than I felt yesterday.今天我感到没有昨天那样累了。
They produced 50 per cent more steel than they did in 1990.他们生产的钢比1990年增加了百分之五十。
At this period she was happier than she had ever been.在这个阶段她比过去任何时候都快乐。
I glanced at my watch. It was earlier than I thought.我看了看表，时间比我想象的早。
It was easier than I thought had expected.它比我想预期的更容易。
There were more casualties than was reported.伤亡比报道的要多。
Its easier to do it yourself than to explain it to her.你自己做比向她解释更容易一些。
Better cut the shoe than pinch the foot.把鞋子铰开比夹脚好。
Skiing is more exciting than skating.滑雪比溜冰更刺激。
This is more amusing than sitting in an office.这比坐在办公室有意思。
The revolutionary nature of his work is more implicit than explicit.他作品的革命性含蓄多于外露。
Its better to be prepared than unprepared.有准备比没有准备好。
He was more lucky than clever.他是靠运气而不是靠聪明。
She was more surprised than angry.她感到更多的是惊讶而不是生气。
I was more annoyed than worried when he didnt come home.他不回家时我更感到的是生气而不是忧虑。
Music is more a way of life than an interest.音乐对他们来说是一种生活方式，而不是一种爱好。
This is more a war movie than a western.这更应当说是一部战争片，而不是西部片。
Computers are becoming more and more complicated.电脑变得越来越复杂。
Its becoming more and more difficult to find a job.找工作越来越困难了。
Your English is getting better and better.你的英语越来越好了。
Shes getting taller and taller.她越长越高了。
Holiday flights are getting less and less expensive.假日机票越来越便宜了。
The more money you make the more you spend.你挣的钱越多，花的钱也越多。
The more expensive petrol becomes the less people drive.汽油越贵，开车的人越少。
The warmer the weather the better I feel.天气越暖和，我感觉越舒服。
The sooner we leave the sooner we will arrive.动身越早，到得越早。
The younger you are the easier it is to learn.年纪越轻，学习越容易。
He was more than seventy years of age.他有七十多岁了。
More than 4650000 workers were involved in strikes.有四百六十五万多人参加了罢工。
We got more than 600 students last year.去年我们的学生超过600人。
It was more than a year now since he had seen her.他上次见她以来已经一年多了。
More than 40 of the machines are locally produced.百分之四十以上的机器是本地生产的。
It had cost Sophia less than two francs.买这索菲婭花了不到两个法郎。
In less than a month the MS was ready.不到一个月稿子就准备好了。
The population had decreased to less than 6600000.人口减少到六百六十万以下。
We were less than delighted to have company that day.那天有客人我们并不太高兴。
The boys were less than happy about having a party.开晚会男孩子并不很高兴。
He made no less than 500.他赚了多达五百英镑的钱。
He paid no less than 10000 for it.他为此付了一万多美元。
Its estimated population is no less than 120000.它的人口估计不少于十二万。
No less than three people offered to buy it.至少有三个人提出要买它。
He walks no less than five miles to school.他上学至少要走五英里。
The work is more or less finished.工作基本上完成了。
It is now more or less settled.这问题大体上解决了。
The answers were more or less right.回答基本上是正确的。
Its an hours journey more or less.大约有一个钟头的路程。
It is a mile more or less from his home to the school.从他家到学校大约有一英里。
I was more than pleased with the pay rise.薪水涨了，我高兴至极。
They were more than glad to help.他们非常乐于帮忙。
He was more than upset by the accident.他对这次事故感到非常难过。
Doctors have been less than successful in treating this condition.医生在治疗这种病时非常不成功。
Shes a good deal better today.她今天好多了。
Lets go by car. Its much cheaper.咱们开车去。这样便宜得多。
Dont go by train. Its a lot more expensive.不要坐火车去。那样花费要多得多。
This bag is slightly heavier than the other one.这个包比那个包稍重一点。
His illness is far more serious than we thought.他的病比我们想象的要严重得多。
Its a little colder today than it was yesterday.今天比昨天稍冷一点。
You look a bit happier now.你现在显得高兴点儿了。
There have been many more burglaries this year.今年盗窃案比过去多好些。
There are far more people than we expected.人比我们预计的多得多。
Many people support the government but many more are against it.许多人支持政府，但更多的人反对它。
Theyre a little bit better now.现在他们稍好一点儿了。
You have far more imagination than I have.你的想象力比我丰富得多。
Have you any more paper? Yes we have plenty more.你还有纸吗？我们还有好多。
Do you feel any better today?你今天感觉好点儿了吗？
Their house is no bigger than ours.他们的房子并不比我们的大。
There isnt any more.没有更多了。
You must go and get some more.你得去再寻些来。
Say no more.不要再说了。
When she heard the news she became all the more depressed.听了这消息她变得更加抑郁。
Im quite better now.我现在好多了。
He is fat but his brother is still fatter.他很胖，但他哥哥更胖。
It was cold yesterday but its even colder today.昨天就冷，而今天更冷。
The new model is no bigger than a desk drawer.新型号还没有抽屉大。
This hotel is better than the other one and its no more expensive.这家旅馆比那家好，且并不比那家贵。
My sister is two years younger than me.我妹妹比我小两岁。
You are an inch half a head taller than her.你比她高一英寸半个头。
Cotton output was 39 per cent higher than in the previous year.棉花产量比前一年高百分之三十九。
Weve sunk 20 more wells this year than we did last year.今年我们挖的井比去年多二十口。
Houses cost one third more this year than they did five years ago.今年房价比五年前上涨了三分之一。
It was onefourth cheaper than the market price.它比市场价格低四分之一。
The new method was ten times more efficient than the traditional one.新方法比传统方法的效率提高了十倍。
John is nearly as tall as his father now.约翰差不多和他爸一样高了。
Lets walk. Its just as quick as taking the bus.咱们走去，和搭公共汽车去一样快。
He was as well off as myself.他和我一样宽裕。
You know as much about that as I do.这一点你和我一样清楚。
He is as energetic as a young man.他像年轻人一样有劲。
He is as busy as before.他还是像以前那样忙。
Well give you as much help as we can.我们将尽量帮助你。
Can you send me the money as soon as possible?你能把钱尽快寄给我吗？
You can have as much as you like.你可以愿意要多少就拿多少。
I got here as fast as I could.我尽快来了。
aHe isnt as diligent as Tim.他不像蒂姆那样用功。
He isnt as old as he looks.他不是看上去那么老。
The place wasnt as crowded as it usually is.这地方不像平常那样拥挤。
I dont know as many people as you do.我认识的人没有你多。
I havent done as much as I have liked.我做的没有我希望的那么多。
It isnt as cold as it was yesterday.今天没有昨天冷。
I was not as nervous as before.我不像以前那样紧张。
bIt isnt so cold as yesterday.今天不像昨天那样冷。
He is not so suitable for the job as her as she is.他不像她那样适合这项工作。
He is not so handsome as his brother.他不像他哥哥那样英俊。
Im not so experienced as you think.我不像你想的那样有经验。
Im not so lucky as you.我不像你那么幸运。
The situation there was not so bad as had been painted.那里的局势并没有描绘的那样糟。
He was as sensitive as he was obstinate.他既敏感又固执。
Martin was as impatient as he was stubborn.马丁既缺乏耐心又很顽固。
Waves of red light are about twice as long as those of blue light.红色光线的波长约为蓝色波长的两倍。
The population of Scotland was eight times as large as that of Cornwall.苏格兰的人口是康沃尔人口的八倍。
The military budget of that year is thirty times as large as that of 1950.那年的军事预算是1950年的三十倍。
There the tuberculosis rate is ten times as high as in North Carolina.那里肺结核发病率是北卡罗来纳州的十倍。
They have produced twice as much sugar as in the previous season.他们的糖产量是前一季度的两倍。
Their house is about three times as big as ours.他们的房子大约有我们房子三倍大。
This is the best worst room in the hotel.这是旅馆里最好差的房间。
What is the longest river in the world?哪条河是世界上最长的河流？
Yesterday was the hottest day of the year.昨天是今年最热的一天。
This hotel is the cheapest in town.这家旅馆是城里最便宜的。
That church is the oldest building in our city.那座教堂是我们城最古老的建筑。
The third requirement is the most important of all.第三条要求是所有要求中最重要的。
Are you the eldest in your family?你是你家的长子吗？
It is one of the nicest parks in the country.这是这个国家最美的公园之一。
She is the best player in the team.她是队里最优秀的运动员。
He is the most intelligent student in the class.他是班上最聪明的学生。
He was the most dangerous criminal in the country.他是国内最危险的罪犯。
Im the least experienced among the teachers here.我是这里的老师中最没有经验的。
He has the least money of all of us.他是我们大家中钱最少的。
She has the worst task of us all.在我们大家中间她的任务最艰巨。
Of all the boys Simon is the cleverest.在所有男孩中西蒙最聪明。
It was the most boring film Ive ever seen.这是我看过的最乏味的影片。
He is one of the nicest people I know.他是我认识的最好的人之一。
War and Peace is the longest book that I have ever read.战争与和平是我看过的最长的书。
Penfold is the most conceited man I have ever met.彭福是我碰到过的最高傲的人。
She is the worst singer I know.她是我知道的最差的歌手。
This is the worst weather weve had for years.这是多年来最坏的天气了。
That was the most delicious meal Ive ever had.这是我吃过的最好吃的一顿饭。
It was the cheapest TV set we could find.这是我们能找到的最便宜的电视机了。
My eldest son is 13 years old.我的大儿子十三岁。
Who is the tallest Mary or Susan?谁最高，简、玛丽还是苏珊？
What is the best thing to do?最好怎么办？
He felt the least desire to go to bed.他完全不想去睡觉。
There isnt the least wind today.今天一点风都没有。
Who picked the most apples?谁摘的苹果最多？
The worst part of the journey is over.旅途最困难的一段已经过去。
Now we come to the most important thing.现在我们来讲最重要的事。
The smallest ones live in trees.最小的生活在树上。
aThis is much the worst stretch of motorway in the country.这是国内最最糟糕的一段高速公路。
They form by far the largest population group in Africa.他们构成非洲最大的人群。
She is by far the most active member in our group.她是我们组最最活跃的成员。
This is quite far the most expensive bicycle in the shop.这是这家商店里最最贵的自行车。
bI want to give my children the very best education I can afford.我想给我孩子力所能及的最良好的教育。
This is about the biggest generator ever manufactured in China.这差不多是中国制造的最大的发电机。
It is Japans third largest city.它是日本的第三大城市。
Hainan is Chinas second largest island.海南是中国第二大岛。
He is the most suitable person imaginable.他是想象得出的最合适的人选。
We will finish the work in the shortest possible time.我们将在可能的最短时间内完成这项工作。
She answered in the most pleasant manner possible.她以最最和蔼的态度作了回答。
I think Davids plan is best.我认为大卫的计划最好。
Cotton blankets are generally cheapest.棉毛毯一般最便宜。
Amanda was youngest the youngest of our group.阿曼达在我们组里最年轻。
Vegetables are best when they are fresh.蔬菜新鲜时最好吃。
We are busiest on Tuesdays.我们星期二最忙。
Its safest to go by bus.坐公共汽车去最安全。
Her theory is most convincing.她的理论最有说服力。
Thats his busiest day.这是他最忙的一天。
The Yellow River is Chinas second longest river.黄河是中国第二大河。
aMr. Gow is a most remarkable man.高先生是一位非常出色的人。
It is a most joyful occasion.这是一个非常欢快的日子。
That was a most convincing argument.这是一个非常有说服力的论点。
She is a most mysterious person.她是一个非常神秘的人。
bThey have been most kind to me.他们对我非常好。
The book you lent me is most interesting.你借给我那本书很有意思。
Lily has been most anxious for your return.莉丽非常急切地盼望你回来。
I shall be most happy to go down with you.我会十分高兴和你一道去。
The peony was at its best.牡丹开得正盛。
I knew she was at her worst.我知道她这时心情很不好。
The singer was at her best during the performance.这位歌手演出时处于最佳状态。
She keeps cheerful oven when things are at their worst.即使在情况最糟的时候她也保持高高兴兴的。
I can give you twenty dollars at most.我至多给你二十美元。
At most Ill be away two days.我至多离开两天。
There were at least a hundred people present.至少有一百人出席。
You might at least be polite.你至少可以客气点。
They are going to build a school for the deaf and the blind.他们准备为聋人和盲人盖一所学校。
He always sided with the oppressed and the exploited.他总是站在被压迫和被剥削的人一边。
Corky had great sympathy for the poor and the downtrodden.高尔基非常同情穷人和受蹂躏的人。
The number of the unemployed are still increasing.失业的人还在增加。
The very wise avoid such temptations.真正有头脑的人总是避开这种诱惑。
The innocent are often deceived by the unscrupulous.头脑单纯的人总是受无耻之徒的欺骗。
He never envied the rich their luxurious pleasures.他从不羡慕富人骄奢淫逸的生活。
The privileged as a whole numbered less than 600000.特权阶级总起来不到六十万人。
Theres enough inspiration for me in trying to help the sick.在帮助病人的过程中我得到足够的鼓舞。
The old and the young should be able to live together.老一代和年轻一代应当能生活在一起。
The injured were taken to hospital.受伤的人都送进了医院。
此外还有the aged老人，the dead死去的人，the dumb哑巴，the elderly年长者，the handicapped残疾人，the homeless无家可归的人，the innocent无辜的人，the living活着的人等。
This policy is a mixture of the old and the new.这个政策是新旧结合。
The difficult we do at once.困难的事我们马上就做。
The impossible takes a little longer.不可能的事需要更多时间。
It was quite out of the ordinary for a woman to go to college.那时女人上大学是很不寻常的。
We must be ready to cope with the unexpected.我们必须准备应付预想不到的问题。
Let X be the unknown in this equation.让X作这个方程式中的未知数。
Do you believe in the supernatural!你相信有神奇古怪的事吗？
He has a strong dislike for the sentimental.他非常讨厌多愁善感无病坤吟。
He was fond of writing about the unusual.他喜欢写些古怪题材。
She admires the mystical.她喜欢那些神奇古怪的东西。
One must take the rough with the smooth.好事坏事我们都得承受。
I will give you an answer on Friday at the latest.我至迟星期五给你回答。
At the very most she cant be more than eighteen years of age.她最多最多十八岁。
I cannot go to London till May 15 at the earliest.我最早也要到五月十五日才能去伦敦。
He thought that at worst he could get a scolding.他想最多他只会挨一顿说。
At best we can do only half as much as last year.我们最多能完成去年工作量的一半。
She took leave of the party in the liveliest of spirits.她兴致很好地和大家告别了。
They are too poor to rent even the cheapest of house.他们穷到连最便宜的房子也租不起。
It was one of the most interesting of these discoveries.这是这些发现中最有意思的一个。
Matters went rapidly from bad to worse.情况迅速进一步恶化。
The killer remained at large for weeks.好几个礼拜那杀手都逍遥法外。
Women in general like to shop for new clothes.一般来说妇女喜欢买新衣服。
My neighbour cut my hair for free.我的邻居免费给我理发。
Birds feed their young on insects.鸟用虫子喂幼鸟。
I enjoyed the quiet of the country.我喜欢乡下的宁静。
We had a rest in the cool of the garden.我们在花园的荫凉处休息了一下。
Both young and old people enjoyed themselves at the party.年轻的年老的在晚会上都玩得很高兴。
Ive got my medical examination on Thursday.我星期四进行了体检。
Of course it wont hurt you silly.当然这对你不会有害的，傻家伙。
Theres something the matter with the electrics in my car.我车里的电器有点问题。
I was then working for a newspaper.那时我在一家报馆工作。
Ill see you later.晚些再见。
Will you be free tomorrow?你明天有空吗？
We often get together.我们常常聚会。
They occasionally stopped by to see us.他们偶尔顺便来看望我们。
I hardly ever go out.我几乎从不出去。
Have you been here long?你在这里时间久吗？
Ill be back shortly.我一会儿就回来。
Shes already left for home.她已经回家了。
Ive just finished reading the paper.我刚看完论文。
He hated working underground.他讨厌在地下干活。
She is living abroad.她在国外住。
Seeing that its raining wed better stay indoors.既然外边在下雨，我们最好待在室内。
Everything we used was bought locally.我们用的一切东西都是在当地买的。
Eight million people globally are infected with the virus.全世界有八百万人染上这种病毒。
He has travelled widely.他曾去很多地方旅行。
I thought I had seen you somewhere.我记得在哪里见到过你。
There were bicycles everywhere.到处是自行车。
Are you going anywhere tonight?今晚你要出去吗？
Nowhere could I see him.哪儿我也找不到他。
This hotel is full. We must look for rooms elsewhere.这家旅馆客满，我们得到别处找房间。
I think differently.我有不同想法。
We must learn to speak English fluently and correctly.我们应当学讲流利正确的英语。
They warmly welcomed us at their offices.他们在办公室热烈欢迎了我们。
She quietly left the room.她悄悄离开了房间。
She laughed happily.她高兴地笑了。
He was waiting anxiously.他焦急地等待着。
He walked away very sadly.他很凄伤地走掉了。
He wandered miserably about the room while she cried.她哭泣时他痛苦地在房里走来走去。
They took care of that problem jointly.他们共同处理这个问题。
May I talk to you privately?我可否私下和你谈谈？
He had publicly sneered at the idea.他曾公开讥讽过这个想法。
She drove directly to school.她直接开车到学校。
I had to work all alone.我得独自一人工作。
He used to work fulltime.他过去是全部时间工作的。
I must make a decision regardless.不管怎样我得做出决定。
Do you buy wholesale or retail?你是批发还是零售？
She was to fly solo the next day.第二天她将作单人飞行。
She enjoyed the course immensely.她很喜欢这个课程。
I had almost forgotten to ring her.我差点忘了给她打电话了。
I dont quite agree with you.我不完全同意你的意见。
I strongly object to your saying that.我强烈反对你这样讲话。
aI quite agree.我完全同意。
Your attitude simply amazes me.你的态度简直使我吃惊。
He said quite positively that he would come.他很肯定地说他会来。
bIts positively the worst movie Ive ever seen.它肯定无疑是我看过的最坏的电影。
It made him feel completely disillusioned.这使他感到幻想完全破灭。
Its simply wonderful to see you!看到你真太好了！
I was absolutely amazed.简直使我惊讶。
I dont like it much.我不太喜欢它。
I blame myself very much.我很怨我自己。
I told her that didnt matter much.我告诉她这没有多大关系。
I was much annoyed.我很不高兴。
She wasnt much surprised.她并不太惊讶。
I was very much afraid they wouldnt agree.我很担心他们会不同意。
It was much worse than I thought.它比我想象的还要糟得多。
Hes getting much fatter these days.他近来变得胖得多了。
This is much the best the most difficult.这是最最好难的。
How much do you like him?你喜欢他到什么程度？
My husband is much too busy to see visitors.我丈夫太忙不能见客。
He would so much like to go.他会非常想去。
You know him better than anyone else.你对他比任何别人都更了解。
It is hurting worse than before.比以前疼得更厉害了。
The poor people living in towns suffered the worst.城市贫民受苦最深。
Her behaviour became more than ever strange.她的行为比过去任何时候都更奇怪。
Those who work the most often get paid the least.工作最多的人常常工资最低。
Would you mind speaking less quickly?你可否别讲得那么快？
How have you been?你近来怎样？
How did you enjoy your Christmas?圣诞节过得如何？
Where have you put my book?你把我的书放在哪儿了？
Without friends where are we?没有朋友我们会怎么样？
When did you see her last?你上次是何时碰到她的？
When were you working there?你什么时候在那里工作的？
Why havent you been to see me all this time?你为什么一直没来看我？
But why not write him from Lisbon?干吗不从里斯本给他写信？
Why run the risk?为什么要冒这种危险？
This is the town where I was born.这就是我出生的城市。
We have reached a point where a change is needed.我们到了必须改一改的地步。
There are moments when I forget all about it.有时我把这完全忘了。
At the time when I saw him he was well.我看到他时他还挺好的。
That is no reason why you should leave.这不是你该离开的理由。
These are the reasons why we do it.这些就是我们这样做的理由。
关于这类关系从句，可参阅第381383节。
Frankly I am not satisfied with your work.坦白说，我对你的工作不满意。
Hopefully they will arrive at an agreement.但愿他们能达成协议。
Luckily it was not so hot.幸好那天不太热。
Honestly I think you are a little prejudiced.说实在的，我认为你有点偏见。
Evidently he was queer in some way.显然他在某方面有点古怪。
Interestingly the solution adopted in these two countries was the same.说也有趣，这两个国家采取的解决办法是一样的。
Surprisingly she has married again.令人惊异的是她又结婚了。
Strangely Ive never seen that popular television show.说也奇怪，这样流行的电视演出我竟然从未看过。
Seriously I wish to work here.说正经的，我愿意在这里工作。
I said youd come and sure enough here you are.我说了你会来的，果然你来了。
Oddly enough he didnt seem to remember his own birthday.说也奇怪，他似乎不记得他自己的生日。
Interestingly enough this proportion has not increased.说也有趣，这个比例并未增加。
He lives next door but strangely enough I rarely see him.他就住在隔壁，但说也奇怪，我很少见到他。
Funnily enough old people seem to love this activity.说也奇怪，老年人似乎很喜欢这种活动。
Curiously enough he seemed to know that already.说也奇怪，他似乎已经知道这事了。
关于这类副词，还可参阅第389392节。
We invited him inside.我们请他到屋里来。
Come nearer.再走近一点。
He turned left and began strolling down the street.他向左转，开始沿着那条街溜去。
The wave of hot air knocked her backwards.那股热浪使得她往后倒退。
He walked a little further on.他又往前走了一点。
Consequently I had to walk the whole day.因此我不得不走了一整天。
It rained; therefore the game was cancelled.天下雨了，为此球赛取消了。
If the part is faulty then replace it.如果部件坏了，那么就换掉。
The play began at eight so we must dine at seven.剧八点开始，因此我们得七点吃饭。
He said that it was so; he was mistaken however.他说情况是这样，不过他错了。
He was angry nevertheless he listened to me.他很生气，尽管如此，他还是倾听了我的话。
Mother went shopping; meanwhile I cleaned the house.妈上街去买东西，在此期间我打扫屋子。
The house isnt big enough for us and further more its too far from the town.这房子我们住不够大，而且它离市中心也太远。
The price is too high and moreover it isnt in a suitable position.价钱太高，而且地点也不适宜。
Besides we have other things to consider.此外我们还有别的因素要考虑。
Lastly I want to stress coordination.最后一点我想强调配合。
这类副词为数不多，但很有用，可以使上下文更加连贯。
有关这类副词，还可参阅第390节。
I am economically independent.我在经济方面是独立的。
Financially we are doing quite well.经济上我们情况相当好。
The book is historically inaccurate.这本书从历史上说不准确。
He is a politically active person.他是一个在政治上很活跃的人物。
Im morally under obligation to do the best I can for her.我在道义上有义务尽量支持她。
aEmily greeted me warmly.埃米莉热情地和我打招呼。
It snowed heavily last January.今年一月雪下得很大。
I recently went to Berlin.最近我到柏林去了一次。
She had just come out of hospital.她刚刚出院。
bHe agreed to come over right away.他同意马上就来。
What makes you tremble so?什么使你这样发抖？
She began to think of going south.她开始考虑到南方去。
He spent the morning wandering about.他早上到处游荡。
aYou dont know how grateful we are to you.你不知道我们多么感激你。
Its not humanly possible to do that.人是不可能这样做的。
She had gone dead tired.她累得要死。
She is terribly clever.她聪明得要命。
bYoure driving too fast.你车开得太快。
You dance so beautifully.你跳得真美。
You didnt do it well enough.你做得不够好。
You must work much more carefully.你应工作得更加细心。
Naturally Ill accept the invitation.当然我会接受邀请。
Sure Ill help you.肯定我会帮助你。
Hopefully well meet again on Thursday.希望咱们星期四再见面。
Normally the train takes twenty minutes to get there.通常火车二十分钟可以到那里。
Ironically he became ill on the day of his marriage.也是命运捉弄人，就在他结婚那天他病倒了。
Miraculously he survived the crash without injury.真是奇迹，飞机失事他竟没有死，且未受伤。
Mary was down with a slight fever.玛丽有点发热。
The daffodils are out.水仙花都开了。
His leaves up tomorrow.他的假明天满期。
Nobody seemed about.附近似乎没有人。
We are behind in our plan.我们落在计划后面了。
I must be off now.我现在得走了。
Now autumn is in.秋天来了。
Hell be round in an hour.他一个钟头后就到。
Ill be around by nine at the latest.我至迟九点钟就来。
Are you through?你干完了吗？
Be along here at two tomorrow afternoon.明天下午两点到这里来。
The war is still on.战争还在进行。
Summer is over its autumn.夏天过去，现在已经是秋天了。
When will you be back?你什么时候回来？
Is Mr. Smith home yet?史密斯先生回家了吗？
Ill only be away a few minutes.我只离开一会儿。
The winter is already here.冬天已经来临。
Is anyone downstairs yet?已经有人下楼来了吗？
Grandpa is not upstairs.爷爷不在楼上。
Denny was still abroad.丹妮还在国外。
The copy was there and the original was gone.复印件还在那里，原件却不见了。
I hope youll enjoy your stay here.希望你在这儿过得愉快。
The buildings around are mostly of modem construction.这一带的楼房多为现代化建筑。
I met an old friend of mine on my way home.在我回家的路上碰到一位老朋友。
Is there anything on tonight?今晚有什么活动吗？
This was her first day up.这是她下床后的第一天。
Ill come over to see you on my next day off.我下次休假时再来看你。
Please send the parcel to the above address.请把包裹寄到上述地址。
The then headmaster ordered these books.这些书是那时的校长订的。
I saw you out with your sister last Saturday.我上星期六看见你和你姐姐一道上街了。
Will you have him in?你要请他进来吗？
Sorry to have kept you up so late.对不起让你这么晚都没睡。
I want it back right now.我现在就要求把它还我。
I went to her house but I found her out.我到她家发现她不在家。
Im pleased to see you back.看到你回来了我很高兴。
Im counting on you to help me through.我指望你帮助我渡过难关。
This money should tide you over until pay day.这些钱可帮助你维持到发薪日。
Has the rain left off yet?雨停了吗？
The flowers gave off a sweet frangrance.这些花散发一种清香。
They decided to put the meeting off.他们决定把会议延期。
They set out as the sun was rising.太阳升起时他们出发了。
The actors were making up when we arrived.我们到达时演员们正在上妆。
I was brought up by my paternal aunt.我是我姑姑带大的。
The baby is coming on well.宝宝长得很好。
She did her up for the occasion.为这次活动她把自己打扮得漂漂亮亮的。
Come earlier next time.下次早点来。
You should speak less and listen more.你应少说多听。
Please drive more slowly.请开得慢一点。
Who runs faster you or Tom?你和汤姆谁跑得快一点？
He began to speak more quickly.他开始说得更快了。
She will ask him when she knows him better.她和他更熟时会问他。
They work harder and they are more honest.他们工作更努力，为人更老实。
You probably learn quicker by having lessons.通过上课你或许可以学得更快。
Would you mind speaking less quickly?你可否说得不那么快？
Try to do better next time.下次干得再好一点。
They went farther into the forest.他们走到森林更深处。
The situation there deteriorated even further.那里的形势进一步恶化了。
She lives closer to the museum than I do.她住得比我更靠近博物馆。
I go to the museum more frequently than she does.我到博物馆的时候比她多。
Dave drives faster than anyone I know.戴夫开车比我认识的任何人都快。
You play the piano better than your sister.你的钢琴比你姐姐弹得好。
You are playing worse than ever.你比过去打得更糟了。
You should sleep more than you do.你应当比现在睡得多。
I can throw the ball farther than you can.我可以把球扔得比你远。
He studied the subject further than I did.他对这问题研究得比我深入。
They arrived earlier than usual.他们比平时到得更早。
I liked the first item better than the second.我对第一个节目比第二个更喜欢。
She was received more warmly than she had expected.她受到的接待比她预料的更热情。
He learns more quickly than the others.他比别人学得快。
He didnt want to express it any more strongly.他不想更强烈地表达这个想法。
You must work much more carefully.你应当干得更仔细。
He went no further than the station.到了车站他没再往前走了。
You can read even better if you try.如果努力你还可念得更好。
Helen came late but her sister still later.海伦来得晚，但她姐姐来得更晚。
They walked three miles farther on.他们又往前走了三英里。
China is a little further south than the U.S.中国比美国稍稍靠南一点。
He got there an hour earlier than the others.他比别人早一小时到达那里。
She works a lot harder than the other girls.她工作得比别的姑娘努力得多。
You speak far more fluently than I do.你比我讲得流利得多。
Could you speak a bit more slowly?你可否说得稍慢一点？
Diana sings as sweetly as her sister.戴安娜唱得和她姐姐一样甜美。
I saw him as recently as last March.我三月份才见过他的。
She can run as fast as 20 miles an hour.她一个钟头能跑二十英里。
Please send us the technical data as soon as possible.请把技术资料尽快寄给我们。
You hate him as much as I do.你也像我一样恨他。
He can speak English as fluently as an Englishman.她英语说得像英国人一样流利。
She loved me as much as her own child.她爱我像爱自己孩子一样。
We must arrange everything as well as we can.我们要尽量把一切安排好。
I dont go out as much as I used to.我现在出去没有过去多了。
Did you finish the work as soon as you had hoped?这工作你完成得有你希望的那样快吗？
He doesnt work as hard as me I do.他工作不及我努力。
I dont think he can run as fast as that.我不认为他能跑得这么快。
I cant run so as fast as you do.我没有你跑得那么快。
I didnt do so as well as I should.我干得没应该干得那样好。
I cant jump so as high as Bill.我跳得没有比尔高。
She didnt sing so as well that night as she usually does.那天晚上她没有平常唱得那样好。
I dont speak half as so well as you.我讲得还没有你一半好。
She can read twice as fast as he does.她阅读速度比他快一倍。
This substance reacts three times as fast as the other one.这种物质的反应速度比那种物质快两倍。
Who did it best?谁干得最好？
I suffered most from lack of rest.我感到最难受的是缺乏休息。
Of all your records I like that one least most.你所有的唱片中，我最不喜欢最喜欢的就是那一张。
Tom played badly. Harry played worse and I played worst.汤姆打得不好，哈利打得更差，我打得最差。
The poor people living in towns suffered worst.城市中的穷人受苦最深。
They work hardest.他们工作最努力。
The tax burden increased fastest for the poor.穷人的赋税负担增加最快。
The burden fell most heavily on these people.这些人负担最沉重。
Who can swim farthest?谁能游得最远？
They all came early but she came earliest of all.他们来得都早，她却来得最早。
It rained more and more heavily.雨越下越大。
Indeed she liked him more and more.的确，她越来越喜欢他了。
He played it better and better.他越弹越好了。
The raft drifted farther and farther from the dock.木筏漂得离码头越来越远。
The faster I type the more mistakes I make.我打字得越快，错误也越多。
The more I see of him the less I like him.我见他越多，越不喜欢他。
The less we talk about that the better.这件事我们谈得越少越好。
The better I wrote the less I pleased the publishers.我越是写得好，出版商越不高兴。
Youd better get some sleep.你最好去睡一会儿。
Wed better be off now.我们最好现在就走。
Hadnt you better go with her?你是不是和她一块儿去更好？
Youd better be getting your clothes ready.你最好把行装准备好。
You ought to know better than to do that.你应当懂得不宜这样做。
You ought to know better than stay away from school.你应该知道不应逃学。
He knew better than to mention the subject to her.他知道不宜向她提及此事。
He was going to leave school but later he thought better of it.他准备退学，但后来改变了主意。
He used to be a progressive and has thought better of it.他以前是一位进步人士，后来改变了看法。
He was going to answer her back but he thought better of it.他本想和她顶嘴的，但没有这样做。
You had best get home before midnight.你最好夜间十二点以前回家。
I had best have your opinion first.我最好先听听你的意见。
I have not yet decided as to what papers it had best be sent to.我还没决定最好把它寄给哪家报纸。
Do it as best you can.尽量干好。
Ill answer your questions as best I can.我当尽量回答你们的问题。
We comforted her as best we could.我们尽量安慰她。
aIt snowed heavily yesterday.昨天雪下得很大。
I work hard and play hard.我努力工作也好好地玩。
You should always speak naturally.你讲话总要讲得自然。
I cant wait any longer.我不能再等了。
Dawson works really slowly.道森的确工作得很慢。
You dance beautifully.你的舞跳得很好。
The girl writes very well.这女孩写得很好。
Tim tries the hardest of all the boys in the class.在全班男生中蒂姆最努力。
bThey greeted me warmly.他们热情地和我打招呼。
The whole queue stared at him coldly.整个一行人冷冷地瞧着他。
You typed this letter very badly.这封信你打得很糟。
Ill see you tomorrow.我们明天见。
He doesnt live here now.他现在不在这里住了。
I started my job Monday.我礼拜一开始工作。
1 remember having seen her somewhere.我记得在哪里见到过她。
I didnt do it intentionally.我不是故意这样做的。
Edward hotly denied the accusation.爱德华极力否认对他的指控。
He foolishly locked himself out.他愚蠢地把自己销在外面了。
Jim angrily slammed the door behind him.吉姆生气地把门砰地一声关上。
The firemen bravely went into the burning house.消防队员勇敢地进入熊熊燃烧的房子。
They kindly asked us to the concert.他们好心地请我们去听音乐会。
He secretly prided himself on a life of absolute honesty.他暗暗为自己绝对诚实的一生感到骄傲。
She generously offered to share it with us.她大方地提出和我们共用。
Your attitude simply amazed me.你的态度简直让我吃惊。
Im still waiting for an answer.我还在等候回答。
Ive already seen the report.这报告我已经看过。
Ive just finished reading the paper.我刚看完报。
Indoors it was nice and warm.在室内非常暖和舒服。
Recently I went to Berlin.最近我到柏林去了一趟。
Really that was a terrible mistake.的确那是一个可怕的错误。
Indeed the note has disappointed me.的确这个条子很使我失望。
Naturally Ill accept your offer.当然我会接受你的帮助。
Honestly I dont know.说真的，我不知道。
aHe often does this.他常常这样做。
She usually gets up at seven.她通常七点钟起床。
They occasionally stopped by to see us.他们偶尔路过进来看看我们。
You always make fun of me.你老开我的玩笑。
She seldom showed her feelings.她很少表露自己的感情。
We never had accidents.我们从未出过事故。
bHe is generally here on Tuesdays.他一般星期二来。
The question was always with him.他老想着这个问题。
I was never any good at mathematics.我数学从来不好。
She is often late.她常常迟到。
Rick is seldom out of pain.里克很少有不疼的时候。
They were frequently in debt.他们常常负债。
cI have always had respect for her.我一向很尊重她。
Dinner is generally served at 7 p.m.通常晚上七点开晚饭。
I shall never forget the expression on her face.我永远不会忘记她脸上的表情。
You can always contact me on 01362748.你一般可以拨01362748和我联系。
Does she usually go to you for advice?她通常向你讨教吗？
She would occasionally drop me a note.她偶尔给我写一封短信。
Always we went on foot.我们总是步行去。
Genenally she remained in on Sunday evening.通常在礼拜天晚上她会留在家里。
Often she would weep when alone.她一个人时常常哭泣。
Sometimes we got a lot of rain in August.有时候八月份雨水很多。
Never will we bow the knee to fascism.我们绝不会向法西斯屈膝。
Very often the phone rings when Im in the bath.常常在我洗澡时电话铃响。
We usually dont get up before 9 on Sundays.礼拜天我们通常九点前不会起床。
I never can make out what you are talking about.我从来听不明白你在说些什么。
He always is late when we have an important meeting.有重要会议时他总是迟到。
I get paid on Fridays usually.我通常星期五发薪。
Do you come here often?你常常到这里来吗？
Ill love you always.我会永远爱你。
Every man is a fool sometimes and none at all times.每个人有时候都会发傻，不过没有人总是发傻。
He had mentioned her occasionally.他曾偶尔提到她。
She glanced frequently at Jamie.她不断地望杰米。
How did you like the concert?你觉得音乐会怎样？
Thats where you are wrong.这就是你不对的地方。
I still remember the day when we first met.我仍然记得我们初次见面的日子。
Thats exactly why I did it.这正是我这样做的原因。
Maybe youre right.可能你是对的。
Luckily Peter was there.幸好彼得在那里。
Evidently he was queer in some way.显然他在某方面有些怪。
Surely you will stay for dinner.肯定你会留下吃晚饭。
Perhaps they wouldnt like our coming.或许他们不喜欢我们去。
First he read all the advertisements.首先他看了所有的广告。
aHe evidently regarded this as a joke.他显然把这看作是一个笑话。
He actually expected me to do the work for him.他实际上是指望我替他干这工作。
I certainly did not like the place.我确实不喜欢这地方。
You surely dont wish to be so cruel!你肯定不会愿意这样残酷！
bThere has evidently been some mistake.显然哪儿出了错。
You will surely win.你肯定会获胜。
I must first get her leave.我必须首先得到她的同意。
I should certainly be on my guard.我当然得保持警惕。
cYou must know Bolla surely!你肯定认识波拉！
You must finish your work first.你必须首先完成你的工作。
We must make up plans accordingly.我们必须按照这做出计划。
aFinally the International was sung.最后唱国际歌。
Soon it would be filled with people.很快里面会挤满人。
Presently Alice appeared.不久艾丽丝出现了。
Tomorrow many people will be on the beach.明天很多人会到海滨去。
bHe soon became active in London.不久他就在伦敦活跃起来。
She finally gained control of herself.她最后控制住了自己。
The general now changed his tactics.这位将军现在改变了他的战术。
She once knew him.她曾经认识他。
cWhat decision did you finally arrive at?你们最后做出了什么决定？
He is presently living in New York.他现在住在纽约。
He will soon be back.他不久就会回来。
She was now forty years of age.她现在四十岁了。
dHe knew he could write better now.他知道他现在能写得好一点了。
They have accepted my terms finally.他们最后接受了我的条件。
Ill be back presently.我一会儿就回来。
Shell be here soon.她不久就要来了。
I am awfully sorry for it.对此我非常抱歉。
We meet fairly often.我们经常见面。
Ruth ran the house extremely well.鲁斯家管得极好。
Thank you very much.非常感谢你。
He didnt work hard enough.他工作不够努力。
Is it large enough?这够大吗？
Only he speaks French we all speak English.只有他讲法语，我们都讲英语。
He can only read. He cant speak.他只能阅读，不能讲话。
He speaks only French.他只讲法语。
She spoke only for five minutes.她只讲了五分钟的话。
He saw only five men.他只看到五个人。
Even our teacher doesnt know this word.连我们老师都不认识这个词。
He even helped me to do housework.他甚至帮我做家务活。
She didnt even come to see him off.她甚至没来给他送行。
It was cold here even in August.甚至在八月份这里都很冷。
He was willing even eager to do it.他愿意，甚至渴望这样做。
I got there at about 8 oclock.我八点左右到达那里。
My sister was born in February 1990.我妹妹是1990年2月生的。
Around nine oclock he came back.九点前后他回来了。
He swims every day during summer.夏天他天天游泳。
One morning before dawn Mother woke me up.有天早上天还没亮妈把我叫醒了。
Shortly after that the police arrived.在那之后不久警察来了。
Can you stay over Sunday?你星期天能在这里住吗？
Following severe rains the fields were flooded.大雨之后土地都被水淹了。
Prior to her marriage she was a nurse.结婚前她是一位护士。
By now the moon was up.到这时月亮已经升起来了。
From now on youre my teacher.从现在起你就是我的老师。
They talked till dawn.他们一直谈到天亮。
I shall go on working until next week.我将工作到下礼拜。
Towards nighttime the weather worsened.快天黑时天气变坏了。
For two months he had lived alone at Danvers Street.有两个月他一个人住在街。
He tossed restlessly in bed all through the night.整整一夜他翻来覆去睡不着。
Shelley was throughout his life a fighter.整整一生雪莱都是一位斗士。
Pending his return let us get the car ready.在他回来前，咱们先把汽车准备好。
Upon arrival they went in search of a hotel.到达时他们去找旅馆。
The accident happened at about 5:30.事故是五点半前后发生的。
I havent seen him since this morning.从今早起我就没见到他了。
She lives in Tokyo.她住在东京。
He stopped at Paris on his way to Athens.在去雅典的路上他在巴黎停了停。
Theres a letter box across the road.在路那边有一个邮箱。
He saw a picture on the wall.他看见墙上有一张画。
Are you going to the post office?你到邮局去吗？
Greenwich is down the river.格林威治在河的下游。
You can walk under the express way to the North End.你可以从高速公路下面步行到北区。
The museum is near Hyde Park.博物馆在海德公园附近。
The Art Gallery is right next to the Public Gardens.美术馆就在公共花园隔壁。
The hotel is between two subway stations.旅馆在两个地铁站之间。
Go over this bridge to the railway station.过这座桥可到火车站。
Lets walk from here to the Department Store.咱们从这里走到百货公司去。
He sometimes runs through the park on weekends.他周末有时跑步穿过公园。
A bird flew into my bedroom this morning.今早一只鸟飞进了我的卧室。
I drove out of the car park.我把车从停车场开了出来。
A boy jumped onto the stage.一个男孩跳上了舞台。
She took her portrait off the wall.她从墙上把她的画像拿了下来。
He waited outside the building.他在大楼外面等着。
Ill meet you inside the restaurant.我在餐馆里面和你见面。
Everyone within the area was affected by the strike.这个地区所有的人都受到罢工的影响。
The earth felt soft beneath her feet.她感到脚下的地软软的。
A little piano stood against the wall.一台小钢琴靠墙立着。
Sheep grazed among the ruins.羊在残垣断壁间吃着草。
They walked interestedly around the Exhibition.他们饶有兴趣地看了展览会。
He wanted to show off before Hayward.他想在海沃德前表现一下。
They live in the flat below this one.他们住在这下面的那套房子里。
There is a garden behind the house.房子后面有一座花园。
He went to New York via Rome.他经过罗马到纽约。
She was out of hospital in seventeen days.她十七天后出院了。
Two girls passed in front of us.两个女孩从我们前面经过。
We went round and round the town looking for the hotel.我们在城里转来转去找寻这家旅馆。
Come out from under the table.从桌子下边出来。
I was walking along a road.我沿着一条路走着。
They walked past me. They didnt speak.他们从我身边经过，没有讲话。
The supermarket is opposite to the cinema.超级市场在电影院对面。
The pictures are above the shelves.图画在书架上方。
Im just off for a swim.我去游一会儿泳。
Jane usually goes to work by bike.简通常骑自行车上班。
I cut the paper with a pair of scissors.我用剪刀剪纸。
She cant read without glasses.没有眼镜她就不能看书。
I dont know much about computers.我不太了解电脑。
Apart from them I had no one to talk to.除了他们，我没有可以谈话的人。
Everybody is down on me except you.除了你大家都看不起我。
I havent told anybody but you.除了你我没告诉任何人。
I think you are prejudiced against Jack.我认为你对杰克有成见。
I feel exactly like you.我的感受和你一样。
He served as Kennedys ambassador to India.他任肯尼迪派往印度的大使。
He resigned because of ill health.他因身体不好辞职了。
He died of pneumonia.他患肺炎死了。
Her hair was in pigtails over either shoulder.她的头发梳成辫子垂在两肩。
As for her book it has real merit.至于说她的书，它的确有优点。
In spite of all his efforts he failed.尽管他付出极大的努力，但他还是失败了。
In accordance with your wishes I have written to him.按照你的意愿我给他写了信。
Philip hesitated on account of the expense.由于费用，菲力普有些犹豫。
He signed the document on behalf of the company.他代表公司在文件上签了字。
He arrived late due owing to the storm.由于暴风雨他迟到了。
What did he say with regard to my proposals?关于我的建议他说了什么？
Ill write you later in regard to this matter.关于这件事我以后再和你写信。
She said nothing concerning you.她没说什么关于你的话。
Everybody here has the influenza including myself.这里每个人都患流感包括我自己。
Failing that we must think of another plan.如果这一点做不到，我们得另想办法。
This work needs experience plus care.这件工作需要经验和细心。
He emerged minus his hat.他出现时帽子没有了。
Given good health I hope to finish the work this year.如果身体好，我希望今年完成这项工作。
They dived into the water.他们跳进水里。
I wandered round the orchard.我在果园里转了转。
There was a man standing in front of me.我前面站着一个男人。
She clasped his hand in both of hers.她用双手握住他的手。
He is keen on fishing.他喜欢钓鱼。
He started on seeing her.他看到她时感到一惊。
Think of what I said.想想我说的话。
Ill think over how I can convince them.我要想一想怎样能说服他们。
He gave a lecture on how to improve soil.他做了一个如何改良土壤的报告。
The discussion centred on how to increase production.讨论围绕着如何增产的问题。
I saw her from across the street.我从街对面望见了她。
She wont go home until after the exam.她要考完试之后再回家。
The door was suddenly opened from within.门突然从里面开了。
Her pronunciation is far from perfect.她的语音远不是完美的。
He had no objection to Dinny marrying him.他不反对丁妮和他结婚。
Finally they put the policy of land to the tillers into effect.最后他们实行了耕者有其田的政策。
aThis suit fits me well except that the trousers are too long.这套衣服我穿很合适，只是裤子太长。
Men differ from brutes in that they can think and speak.人和禽兽不同之处是人能思维能讲话。
bIve done everything you wanted except make the beds.你要我干的事我全干了，只是还没铺床。
He wanted nothing but to stay there.他只是想留在那里。
The train leaves in five minutes.火车五分钟之后开出。
We all sympathized with the refugees.我们都很同情难民。
Lets go for a walk along the river.咱们到江边散散步。
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius.水在100摄氏度时沸腾。
Who are you talking to?你在和谁谈话？
She sat the baby on the table.她让宝宝坐在桌上。
He finished the exam within an hour.他一个钟头就考完了。
Everybody laughed at his proposal.人人都笑他的建议。
Tell us about your travels in China.给我们谈谈你在中国的旅行。
Thank you for reminding me of it.谢谢你提醒我。
The girl is afraid of dogs.这姑娘怕狗。
Im very bad at writing letters.我不善于写信。
He is interested in Beijing Opera.他对京剧有兴趣。
She is quite different from her sister.她和她姐姐完全不同。
Im sorry for shouting at you.对不起冲你嚷嚷了。
Shes married to an Italian actor.她和一位意大利演员结了婚。
They were very nice to us.他们对我们很好。
Who is responsible for the project!谁负责这项工程？
He was eager for a quick cure.他急于把病治好。
She was quite aware of her current situation.她很清楚她现在的处境。
Do you want to go to university?你想上大学吗？
He saw a man coming into the house.他看见一个人走进屋里。
Some people say it is unlucky to walk under a ladder.有人说在梯子下面走过去是不吉利的。
Be careful not to get into trouble.当心别碰到麻烦。
Excuse me for treading on your foot.对不起踩了你的脚。
They asked me to stay with them over Christmas.他们要我和他们一起过圣诞节。
I saw a bird perching on the television aerial.我看到一只鸟停在电视天线上。
Have you ever seen the mountains covered in snow?你看到过白雪覆盖的大山吗？
He stared at the portrait on the wall.他凝视着墙上的画像。
It was a good solution to my difficulty.这是解决我困难的好办法。
They sent me a cheque for 70.他们寄给我一张70英镑的支票。
The rooms in Judys house are very small.朱迪家的房间很小。
Nobody knew the reason for the delay.没有人知道延误的原因。
There has been an increase in the number of road incidents recently.最近交通事故的数目有增加。
What are the major differences between British and American English?英国英语和美国英语有什么主要差别？
Whats their reaction to the book?他们对这书的反应怎样？
There is no demand for the stuff.对这东西没有需求。
Who is the girl with a foreign accent?那个外国口音的姑娘是谁？
Four boys sat on the floor of the living room.四个男孩坐在客厅的地板上。
No. 28 was the town house of Sir Winston Churchill.28号是丘吉尔爵士在市内的房子。
They admired the beauty of the landscape.他们欣赏风景的美。
The lamp with the green shade is alight.那盏绿色灯罩的灯已经开了。
I painted a girl with a pigtail.我画了一个梳辫子的姑娘。
He was a little gentleman with glasses.他是一个戴眼镜的小个子男人。
The girl in blue is my cousin.穿蓝衣裳的姑娘是我表妹。
He was a thinnish man in his forties.他是一个偏痩的四十多岁的男子。
He hasnt a thing in common with his father.他和他父亲毫无共同之处。
Have you found an answer to the question?你找到这问题的答案了吗？
This is his reply to our letter.这是他对我们信的回信。
Fire causes damage to property.火灾给财产造成损失。
His devotion to the party is unquestionable.他对党的忠诚是毋庸置疑的。
There is no need for fuss.没有必要大惊小怪。
My love for you is deeper than the sea.我对你的爱比海深。
Their desire for expansion has increased.他们扩张的野心增强了。
Thats my idea about friendship.这是我对友谊的看法。
They are divided in their opinions about it.他们对此的看法有分歧。
I am glad to hear news about the progress of your book.我很高兴听到你的书进展情况的消息。
Ill give you a few particulars about myself.我将跟你谈一点我自己的情况。
What are you about?你在干什么？
The moon was now above the trees in the east.月亮已在东边树林的上方。
The post office is just across the street.邮局就在街对面。
Shes after your money.她是想要你的钱。
Its against the rules.这是违反规定的。
Shelley is among the worlds greatest poets.雪莱是世界上最伟大的诗人之一。
Dinner was at one oclock.一点钟开午饭。
The darkest hour is before the dawn.最黑暗的时刻过了就是黎明。
The garage is behind the house.车库在房子后面。
He was below her in intelligence.他智力比她差。
Thats all beside the point.这都不关正题。
The temperature is between 80 and 90.气温在八九十度之间。
Who is that book by?这书是谁写的？
I was down Regent Street doing a bit of shopping.我到瑞金街去买点东西。
The ship was for New York.这艘船是开往纽约的。
This letter is from my aunt.这信是我姑姑来的。
The telephone is in my study.电话在我书房里。
He has only been inside the house twice.这房子他只进去过两次。
Hes always like that.他总是那样。
Cork Street is near Bond Street.柯克街在班德街附近。
Your help is of great value to us.你们的帮助对我们很有价值。
He is off cigarettes.他戒烟了。
She is on diet.她在节食。
She has never been outside the city.她从未出过城。
Most of the strikes were over wage rates.多数罢工都是要求调整工资的。
The situation is past hope cure.局势已无可救药。
Its just round the corner.它就在拐角处。
She has been through a lot.她受过很多苦。
The road was under repair.路正在修补。
My sister is with child.我姐姐怀孩子了。
Thats not within my jurisdiction.这不在我权限范围之内。
All your fears are without foundation.你的一切疑虑都是没有根据的。
Its not worth the trouble.不值得费这事。
This conduct is beneath contempt.这种行为为人所不齿。
I was at a loss what to do.我不知所措。
He felt at ease and confident in the future.他很安心，对未来充满信心。
The country was at peace war.国家处于和平时期正在打仗。
Hes at odds with his wife.他和他妻子不和。
Business was almost at a standstill.商业几乎陷于停滞。
Summer was at its height.正值盛夏。
The primrose was at its brightest.报春花开得正盛。
She was at her happiest in her home on the shore of the Black Sea.她在黑海边上的家里快乐极了。
They were at their meal.他们正在吃饭。
His ideas were often at variance with others.他的看法常常和别人不一致。
He was still at his work.他还在干他的工作。
He was at the end of his resources.他已黔驴技穷。
The house is beyond the bridge.房子在桥那边。
The explanation you give is beyond me.我不懂你做的解释。
Its beyond human power.这是人力所不及的。
Theyre beyond the governments control.它们是政府无法控制的。
The place is beyond my means.这地方我去不起。
The rumour is beyond belief.这谣言不可信。
Her devotion to her mother was beyond words.她对母亲的爱非言语所能形容。
Those results were beyond dispute.这些结果是不容争议的。
Our stand is beyond reproach.我们的立场是无可厚非的。
He is vicious and beyond redemption.他很恶毒，已无可救药。
The scene was beyond description.景色无法形容。
They were in a painful situation.他们处境悲惨。
The poor girl was in tears.可怜的姑娘满面泪水。
The conservatives are once more in power.保守党再次上台。
The room was in disorder.房里很乱。
He had never been in love before.他从来没恋爱过。
The roses are in flower.玫瑰开花了。
On April 23 Columbia University was in turmoil.四月二十三日哥伦比亚大学一片混乱。
He was wounded and in pain.他受了伤处于疼痛之中。
Johns in a bad temper.约翰情绪很坏。
Rosabel was almost in despair.罗莎贝尔几乎处于绝望之中。
She is still in danger.她还处于危险之中。
These products are in great demand.这种产品需求很大。
He was of middle height.他是中等身材。
Jennie is of a peculiar disposition.珍妮是一种特殊性格的人。
He was of feeble will.他意志薄弱。
We are all of the same opinion.我们的意见都是一致的。
Holmes is of a different way of thinking.福尔摩斯却是另一种思路。
I have come to know if I can be of any use.我是来看我是否能有些用处。
I have been in to see if I can be of any assistance to them.我是去看我是否能帮他们什么忙。
The work I am doing is not of much value.我做的工作没有什么价值。
Her gown is of black velvet.她的袍子是黑色丝绒的。
Her dress is of dark crimson.她的连衣裙是深红色。
They tried artificial respiration but it was of no avail.他们试了试人工呼吸但没有用。
Would that be of benefit to her?那对她有好处吗？
My mind was still on this research.我的心思还在这项研究上。
Ive always been on my guard since then.从那时起我一直很警惕。
They were on the look out for pickpockets.他们一直提防着机手。
Hes on the defence now Maniel thought.曼尼耶尔想他现在处于守势。
He was perpetually on the move.他不停地东奔西跑。
She was on night duty.她值夜班。
Shes on the Times newspaper.她在泰晤士报报馆工作。
Now Im on tour in Europe.现在我正在欧洲旅行。
Crimes by young people were on the rise.青少年犯罪率在上升。
The students workers are on strike.学生工人们在罢课工。
The show is on the air at seven oclock.这次演出七点钟播出。
The enemy are on the run.敌人正在逃窜。
She knew she was out of danger now.她知道她已脱离危险。
The bell wont ring its out of order.铃不响，坏了。
The machine is out of repair.这台机器失修了。
He was feeling out of fun.他情绪不佳。
Henry was out of practice.亨利业务荒疏了。
He is out of work at present.目前他失业了。
His mother thought he was out of his senses.他母亲认为他发疯了。
You seem rather out of temper this morning.今天早上你似乎情绪不太好。
She was soon out of patience.很快她失去了耐心。
We are out of food.我们食物吃完了。
He is out of tune step with the times.他和时代不合拍。
The assistant manager is under the manager.副经理在经理之下。
He has been under the doctor for some weeks.他由医生照顾了几星期。
His salary is under 2000.他的薪水不到两千英镑。
I know she is under thirty.我知道她不到三十岁。
My office is under repair.我的办公室正在修理。
Its now under examination.它正在检查。
The fort was under attack.这座要塞正受到进攻。
The matter is under consideration.这事正在考虑。
The problem is under study.这问题正在研究。
Hes been under a strain and hes tired.他一直很紧张，感到很累。
Youre under arrest.你被捕了。
Im under instructions not to say anything.我奉命保持沉默。
I was under an obligation to tell her.我有义务告诉她。
It has put me a little out of breath.这使我有点气喘吁吁。
He found himself of contradictory points of view.他发现自己有互相矛盾的观点。
I always find her at her studies.我经常发现她在学习。
He found himself in agreement with both sides.他发现自己对双方的意见都同意。
Keep the kettle on the boil.让水壶中的水开着。
He always considers himself in the right.他老认为自己是对的。
We found the map quite out of date.我们发现这地图已完全过时。
He thought it beneath him to do such a thing.他认为自己不屑于做这样的事。
Greasy food doesnt agree with me.油腻的食物我不适合吃。
We cannot answer for his actions.我们不能对他的行为负责。
My lawyer will appear for me in court.我的律师将为我出庭。
Youre asking for trouble.你在自找麻烦。
We cant bank on his help.我们不能指靠他的帮助。
I didnt bargain for all this trouble.我没料到有这么多麻烦。
You must bear with his bad temper.你必须容忍他的坏脾气。
Shes broken with them.她和他们断绝了关系。
She burst into tears.她突然哭了起来。
Please call for me at 3.请在三点钟来接我。
Ill call on you tomorrow morning.我明天早上来拜访你。
Where did you come across the book?这书你在哪里找到的？
He came at me with a knife.他拿着一把刀向我袭击。
Where did you come by these jewels?这些首饰你在哪里得到的？
She came into a fortune when her uncle died.她叔叔死时她继承了一笔财产。
What came over you?你怎么啦？
Can we count on you to support us?我们能指望你支持我们吗？
You cant dictate to me.你不能对我发号施令。
Im dying for a cup of coffee.我迫切想喝一杯咖啡。
The miners were digging for gold.矿工在挖掘找金子。
She does for Mrs. Jones.她给琼斯夫人管家。
I could do with a drink.我很想喝点什么。
I cant do without you.我不能没有你。
Bills are eating into my savings.账单正在把我的存款花掉。
I shall entered for that competition.我将参加那个比赛。
They entered into a long discussion.他们开始一段长时间的讨论。
He has just entered on a business career.他刚开始他的商业生涯。
He has fallen for her.他爱上她了。
All the expenses fell on us.所有开支都由我们承担。
The robbers fell on him from three sides.匪徒从三面向他进攻。
She has finished with him.她和他决裂了。
She flew into a rage.她勃然大怒。
Stop getting at me.不要老找我的在儿。
Soon I got into difficulties.不久我碰到了困难。
Hes got over his illness.他的病好了。
How do you get round this problem?你怎样解决这个问题？
Jennie went about her work.珍妮干着她的工作。
They go about their duties quietly.他们静静履行着他们的职责。
They both went after the same girl.他们两人都追同一个姑娘。
The wounded lion went for the hunter.受伤的狮子向猎人扑去。
The police are going into the murder case.警察正在调查这件谋杀案。
The seed grew into a tree.种子长成了一棵树。
The wish to go to California grew upon Miss Lee.李小姐去加州的愿望越来越强烈。
Everything hangs on his decision.一切取决于他的决定。
Stop harping on it.不要老提这件事。
Then we headed for home.然后我们就往家走了。
I will not hear of you going.我不会同意你去。
Peter will help with the concert.彼得将协助这台音乐会。
Then I hit on an idea.这时我想起一个主意。
You must hold to our agreement.你必须遵守我们的协议。
He immediately jumped at the opportunity.他立即抓住了这个机会。
Dont jump on me for this.不要为此怨我。
He kept at the job till it was finished.他坚持干这工作直到干完。
He keeps from alcohol.他避免喝酒。
She was keeping something form him.她有事瞒着他。
Please keep off that subject.请别谈此事。
Always keeps to your promise.要经常遵守诺言。
We left for Madrid by the next plane.我们坐下一班飞机去马德里。
We mustnt leave it to chance.我们不能听天由命。
He just lived on fruit.他只靠吃水果维持生命。
She decided to live with him.她决定和他同居。
Youre a dear to look after the children for me.你真好，替我看孩子。
Thats the way I look at it.我就是这样看这事的。
Theyve been looking for you.他们一直在找你。
Well look into this matter together.我们一起来调查这件事。
Look to your shortcomings.注意你的缺点。
We look to you to help us for help.我们指望你帮助我们。
The window looks upon the street.窗子面对着大街。
The dog made after the rabbit at top speed.狗飞快地追赶那只兔子。
They set off by car and made for the nearest town.他坐汽车出发，向最近的城市开去。
She could pass for an American easily.她可以很容易地冒充美国人。
We must pass over the details.我们不要谈细节。
John passed through a difficult period after that.在那之后约翰经历了一段困难时期。
We liked to play at soldiers.我们喜欢假装是士兵。
She won by playing on his weak points.她靠利用他的弱点取胜。
They pressed for a rise in pay.他们要求加薪。
I read about it in the paper.我在报上看到这事。
I read of his death in yesterdays newspaper.我在昨天的报上读到他的死讯。
They are rolling in wealth.他们非常有钱。
I ran across into her yesterday.我昨天无意间碰到她了。
He is running for governor.他正在竞选州长。
A van ran into his car.一辆送货车撞上了他的汽车。
Weve run into difficulties.我们碰到困难了。
The rich mans son quickly ran through his money.那个富翁的儿子很快地把他的钱用完了。
The bill ran to 100.要付的款多达一百美元。
Dont rush into marriage.不要匆忙结婚。
I think Id better see about those tickets.我想我最好想法去买机票。
He said he would see into the matter.他说他要来了解此事。
I saw through his trick.我识破了他的诡计。
Ill see to the food.我来张罗吃的。
Many students sat for their law examinations this year.今年很多学生参加法律考试。
I sent up a complaint but the committee just sat on it.我提出投诉，但委员会置之不理。
The play was so boring that I could hardly sit through the first act.那个剧是那样乏味，我几乎第一幕都没看完。
Ill sleep on it and let you know tomorrow.我将考虑一下，明天再告诉你。
I hope youll stand by us.我希望你能支持我们。
The Conservatives stand for free enterprise.保守党人主张自由经营。
Dont stand on ceremony.不要客气。
Unless I stand over him he makes all sorts of mistakes.如果我不监督他，他会出种种错。
Ouch! You stepped on my foot.唉呀！你踩了我的脚了。
He sticks at his work ten hours a day.他每天坚持十小时工作。
His wife has always stuck by him.他的妻子一向忠于他。
He is sticking to his principles in this matter.在这件事上他是坚持他的原则的。
The drunken fellow started swearing at the policeman.那个醉汉开始骂警察。
Ill swear to the truth of what he said.我保证他说的是真话。
That boy takes after his father.那男孩长得像他父亲。
She has really taken to that child.她的确很喜欢那个孩子。
Then he took to skiing writing plays.于是他爱上滑雪写剧本了。
This work is telling on his health.这项工作正影响他的健康。
He didnt touch on the subject.他没提这个问题。
Hes just toying with her affection.他只是在玩弄她的感情。
Im toying with the idea of writing a book.我有点想写一本书。
The people turned against their president.人民变得不满意他们的总统。
Caterpillers turn into butterflies.毛毛虫变成蝴蝶。
The success of the picnic turns on the weather.野餐是否顺利取决于天气。
The child turned to its mother for comfort.孩子向他妈妈寻求安慰。
He waited for it to be light.他等候天亮。
Who is waiting on you?谁在招待你？
He walked right into their trap.他很容易地中了他们的圈套。
Dont let your husband walk over you like that.不要让你的丈夫这样欺负你。
Our house backs on to a piece of woodland.我们房子背后是一片小树林。
It all boils down to whether you want to go or not.这归结到底无非是你是否想去的问题。
He has broken out in a rash.他出了皮疹。
I must brush up on my English.我必须复习我的英语。
The shops are cashing in on temporary shortages by raising prices.这些商店利用一时缺货提高价格。
Finally the man came across with the story.最后那人讲出了事情的经过。
The teacher came down on me for talking in class.因为我上课时讲话老师斥责了我。
Our choices come down to going or staying.我们的选择可归结为去还是留。
She came in for a lot of criticism.她受到很多批评。
Lets ask Alice to come in on the plan.咱们去请爱丽丝来参加这个计划。
Many Congressmen came out against the bill.许多国会议员表示反对这个法案。
Nothing came out of the talk.谈判没有任何结果。
The company came out with three new models.这家公司推出了三种新型号的机器。
You might come up against a bit of opposition.你可能会碰到一点反对。
The concert did not come up to expectations.音乐会没达到预期的水平。
He came up with a new suggestion.他提出了一个新建议。
They cried out against the new law.他们大声疾呼反对新的法律。
The school is crying out for good teachers.学校迫切需要好教师。
Finally they did away with the bad law.最后他们废除了这条不好的法律。
He tried to face up to his difficulties.他设法面对困难。
One can always fall back upon condensed milk.必要时我们还可以吃炼乳。
They fell behind with the rent.他们迟迟未交房租。
Mary fell in with some of her friends downtown.玛丽在城里碰到几个朋友。
I dont feel up to the journey.我身子不适合作这次旅行。
Can you fill in for Steve tonight as hes ill?史蒂夫生病，你今晚可否去代替他？
Not many criminals get away with their crimes.没有多少罪犯犯了罪而不受惩罚。
Lets get down to business the problem.咱们开始干起来处理这个问题。
James always tries to get in with influential people.詹姆斯一贯设法巴结有势力的人。
Michael got off with his best friends girl at the party last night.迈克尔昨晚在晚会上和他最好朋友的女朋友亲近起来。
Its getting on for nine oclock.快到九点了。
Ill get onto him straight away.我将马上和他联系。
Dont sit there talking; get on with your work.不要坐在那里聊天；继续干活。
Mind you dont get up to any mischief.当心别干调皮的事。
The window gives on to a garden.窗子面对着一座花园。
I cant go back on what I said.我说的话不能不算数。
He went down on his knees and begged for mercy.他跪下求饶。
She goes in for badminton and tennis.她打羽毛球和网球。
Maryas gone off with Ted!玛丽亚和泰德私奔了！
Shes always going on at her husband.她老是责怪她的丈夫。
Its going on for midnight.已经快到午夜了。
Youll have to go through with it once you start.一旦开始你就得把它进行到底。
Arguments often grow out of misunderstandings.争吵常常由误会引起。
The men are still holding out for more pay.工人们还在争取较高工资。
If I thought you were holding out on me I should be very annoyed.如果我认为你瞒了我什么，我会不高兴的。
He kept in with his manager.他和经理关系很好。
His wife kept on at him to buy her a new coat.他妻子一再要求他给她买一件新大衣。
He found it hard to keep up with medical developments.他发现很难跟上医学发展。
They hope he will live up to their expectations.他们希望他能达到他们的期望。
You know how they look down on Catholics.你知道他们很看不起天主教徒。
I am looking forward to seeing her.我盼望见到她。
Look out for snakes.当心蛇。
He is a fine chap. Ive always looked up to him.他是个好人，我一向很敬重他。
Hard work can often make up for lack of intelligence.苦干常能弥补智力的不足。
Some try to get on by making up to the boss.有些人设法拍老板的马屁向上爬。
He put me down as a fool.他把我当成傻子了。
Theyve put in for membership of the club.他们申请加入俱乐部。
I suppose I must put up with the loss.我想我得忍受这笔损失。
I must read up on developments in this field.我必须研究这个领域的发展情况。
He rubbed up against a lot of famous people at the party.在晚会上他碰到许多名人。
Shes run off with her music teacher.她和她的音乐老师私奔了。
The weeks passed. Martin ran out of money.一星期一星期过去，马丁的钱用完了。
His wife ran out on him.他的妻子背弃了他。
Ive run up against a few problems.我碰到了一些问题。
He intended setting up as a lawyer.他打算当律师。
Ive set up in business.我开始做起生意来。
My questions showed him up as a cheat.我的问题揭露出他是一个骗子。
Its time someone spoke up for the less privileged in our society.应该有人为我们社会中较不幸的人说说话了。
The union leaders are standing out against the resolution.工会领导人坚决反对这项决议。
The workers are standing out for higher wages.工人们坚决要求提高工资。
She stood out from the crowd because of her height.由于个子高她在人群中很突出。
He stood up for his brother.他为他弟弟说话。
A soldier must stand up to danger.一个战士必须敢于面对危险。
Well start off with some music.我们放点儿音乐开头。
The strikers are sticking out for a higher bonus.罢工工人坚持要求提高奖金。
Whatever happens Ill stick up for you.不管发生什么情况，我都支持你。
He took up with fine art.他对艺术发生了兴趣。
His story ties in with the facts.他讲的情况和事实相符。
in the dark蒙在鼓里，不了解情况.
We stood about waiting.我们站在附近等着。
Look behind.往后望。
The rosegarden lay below.玫瑰园就在下方。
With a great effort he jumped on.一使劲他跳了上去。
He drew a series of lines and then put dots between.他画了许多线，在中间打了点。
The bird flew off.鸟飞走了。
Lets sleep out in the garden.咱们到外边睡在外边花园里睡。
A crowd of people stood outside.一群人站在外面。
From the hill top we could see the plains below.从山顶我们可以看到下方的平原。
I waited on the pavement outside.我在外面的人行道上等着。
A voice within told him what to do.一个内心的声音告诉他怎样做。
The clouds above began to get thicker.上方的云朵变得厚起来了。
Anything on after supper?晚饭后有什么活动吗？
Is there anything in?里面有东西吗？
Take the up escalator.用往上走的活动电梯。
Im a bit behind in my work.我工作进展慢了一点。
Below is an example of a business letter.下面是一封商业信函的例子。
That hill blocks our view. What is beyond?小山挡住了我们的视线。它那边是什么？
Come along. The taxis outside.来吧，出租车在外边。
Youre through to London sir先生，你打到伦敦的电话接通了。
My bedroom is just above.我的卧室就在上方。
The stretchers will be across at six a. m.担架清晨六点过河来。
Ill be along in a minute.我一会儿就来。
Im so glad I found you in.我很高兴你在家。
Im sorry to keep you up so late.很抱歉让你这么晚还不能睡。
Keep your coat on if you feel cold.如果你感觉冷大衣不要脱。
We went to her house but we found her out.我们到她家去，发现她出去了。
When I got to the village I found nobody about.我到达村子时发现那一带没人。
You cannot keep people under forever.你不能永远压制群众。
Ill be down immediately.我马上下楼来。
Hes down with flu.他患了流感。
The telephone wires are down.电话线被刮下来了。
Several trees are down.几棵树被刮倒了。
Sales are down.销售量下降了。
The yield of com is down.玉米产量下降了。
Consumption was down slightly.消耗量稍稍减少了。
The temperature is down.气温下降了。
The sun is down.太阳落山了。
Her head was down.她的头低了下来。
The water is down.水退了下去。
I feel down today.我今天情绪低沉。
Everybody is down on me.大家都看不起我。
The barriers were down.障碍已经拆除。
The curtain is down.幕已落下来。
The tire is down.车胎瘪气了。
Im down again in my examination.我考试又没及格。
The tide is down.退潮了。
I must be off.我得走了。
Theyre just off.他们刚走掉。
Is the radio gas off or on?收音机煤气关上了还是开着？
Her shoes are off.她的鞋子脱了。
She is always off on Saturday and Sunday.她星期六、星期天都不上班。
The cover is off.盖罩子已经揭掉。
The milk is off.牛奶坏了。
The trip was off.这趟旅行取消了。
The match is off.火柴已经灭了。
The threatened strike is off.威胁要进行的罢工取消了。
The gas supply will be off while they repair the mains.他们修理煤气总管时煤气将关掉。
The agreement is off.协议失效了。
Oh dear hes off again.啊天哪，他又啰啰嗦嗦谈起来了。
The light was still on.灯还亮着。
Is the water television set on?电视机还开着吗？
His coat was on.他的大衣已穿上了。
Is my hat on straight?我帽子戴正了吗？
The cover is not on properly.盖子没盖好。
Is the cloth on?桌布铺上了吗？
The war is still on.仗还在打。
The convention was on.大会还在开。
Whats on at the Capital Theatre?首都剧场演什么戏？
Richard I is on again.理查德一世又在上映了。
Breakfast is on from 8 to 10.八点至十点之间开早饭。
The German offensive was on.德国正发动攻势。
The strike was on.罢工正在进行。
Whats on?现在有什么节目？
She knew something was on.她知道什么事正在发生。
All yesterday he was out.昨天一整天他都不在家。
I have been out for a walk.我出去散步去了。
The sun was out and the day was bright.太阳出来了，天气晴朗。
The truth is out at last.终于真相大白。
His new book is just out.他的新书刚出版。
The candle was out.蜡烛灭了。
I shall come before the month is out.我月底前回来。
Youre out this time.这次你错了。
The cherry trees are out.樱桃树开花了。
Thats completely out; it cant be done.这不可能，行不通。
Is the result out?结果发表了吗？
The tide was out.已经退潮了。
The workers will be out tomorrow.工人们明天罢工。
Shell be out from under the anesthetic soon.她经过麻醉很快就会苏醒。
The conservatives are out.保守党下台了。
Ive got to back him up.我得支持他。
Blow the balloon up.把气球吹起来。
She broke the engagement off.她取消了婚约。
Who brought about the quarrel?这场争吵谁引起的？
Finally they brought down the tyrant.最后他们把暴君打倒了。
It was a difficult task but we brought it off.这是一项艰难任务，但我们成功了。
He brought out a new play.他出版了一个新剧本。
We threw water over the woman to bring her round.我们在这女人头上浇水使她苏醒过来。
She has brought me up to be a good man.她把我教养成一个好人。
Why bring that up again?为什么又提起此事？
He tried to buy me off.他设法贿赂我。
They decided to call the meeting off.他们决定取消这次会议。
Your sister wants you to call her up tonight.你姐姐要你今晚给她打电话。
He was called up that winter.那年冬天他被征召入役。
Pneumonia carried him.他死于肺炎。
He carried it off.他成功了。
I had difficulty in carrying out the plan.我执行这项计划有困难。
Please check the information out for me.请代我把这情报检查一遍。
I will check up the figure.我来把数字检查一遍。
Clean up your room.把你的房间打扫干净。
She cooked up an excuse.她编造了一个借口。
Theyre trying to cover the facts up.他们设法隐瞒事实。
Our troops cut off the enemys retreat.我军切断了敌军的退路。
He has decided to cut out smoking and drinking.他决定戒烟戒酒。
This news cut him up.这消息使他极为痛苦。
She dashed out a letter.她匆忙写了一封信。
He enjoyed dishing out advice to others.他喜欢帮人出主意。
He dished up a lot of useful facts.他举出许多有用的事实。
He did everyone down.他谁都批评。
Shall I do your room out?我要不要把你的房间打扫一下？
Theyve done their house up?他们把房子装修了一下。
She dressed them down.她把他们责骂了一顿。
I dressed myself up.我把自己打扮了一番。
Please drop me off here.请让我在这里下车。
He asked me to fill a form out in.他让我填一份表。
He is sure to find it out some time.什么时候他准会发现这事。
I hope the hairdresser can fit me in today.我希望理发师今天能给我安排时间。
He fitted himself out with a new suit.他穿上一套新衣服。
He fitted up one of the rooms as a laboratory.他把一个房间布置成实验室。
They have fixed the matter up now.这事他们现在已经解决。
The boy followed out his fathers advice.男孩照他父亲的劝告做了。
The police followed it up.警察做了进一步的调查。
He taught me how to get my ideas across.他教我怎样把意思讲清楚。
They got down two enemy aircraft.他们击落两架敌机。
Farmers were busy getting in the crops.农民在忙着收庄稼。
She went out to get the washing in.她出去把洗的衣裳收了进来。
He managed to get the stains off.他终于把那些污迹洗掉了。
They got the book out quickly.他们很快把书出出来了。
I got it over to him that they wouldnt come.我给他讲明他们不来了。
Theyll get her round dont worry.他们会让她苏醒的，不要担心。
The members of parliament united to get the bill through.国会议员联合起来使法案通过。
She got herself up as a peasant girl.她把自己打扮成农家姑娘。
Give in your exercise books.把练习本交上来。
He gave the news out in a grave voice.他以低沉的声音宣布了这个消息。
She gave up her job to look after her invalid mother.她放弃了工作来照顾她生病的母亲。
She had a red dress on.她穿一件红色的连衣裙。
I had a tooth out yesterday.我昨天拔了一颗牙。
If you talk like that they can have you up for slander.如果你这样讲话，他们可以告你诽谤。
Theyve hit it off.他们相处得很好。
We must try to hold prices down.我们必须制止物价上涨。
It was difficult to hold in our anger.很难控制我们的怒火。
Why is he holding off his decision?为什么他迟迟不做决定？
He held out his hand in welcome.他伸出欢迎的手来。
Cant we hold the matter over until the next meeting?这事我们难道不能推迟到下次会议再讨论？
Thick fog held up a number of trains.大雾使许多火车停开。
Chemicals are used for keeping insects down.使用了化学药剂来控制虫子。
The coat should keep out the cold.大衣应能挡住寒气。
Theyll keep us on.他们将继续雇用我们。
Keep up your spirits.保持你高昂的情绪。
He often knocks his children about.他常常打孩子。
Theyre going to knock down those old buildings.他准备拆掉那些旧楼。
He knocked off a poem in five minutes.他五分钟就写好一首诗。
The boxer knocked out his opponent in the second round.那位拳击手第二轮就把对手打败了。
The long journey has knocked him up.长途旅行使他疲惫不堪。
They have laid down certain conditions we must follow.他们规定了某些我们必须遵守的条件。
The factory has laid off over a hundred workers.工厂临时解雇了一百多工人。
Le Nôtre laid out the gardens at Versailles.勒诺特设计了凡尔赛的园林。
They have laid up large supplies of food.他们储存了大量粮食。
We mustnt let her down.我们不能对不起她。
The roof lets in the rain.房顶漏雨。
The terrorists let off a bomb near the building.在大楼附近恐怖分子引爆了一颗炸弹。
Ill let you off if you promise never to do it again.如果你答应以后再不这样做我可以放过你。
Someone has let the news out.有人把这消息泄露出去。
Shes looking over her notes before the exam.她考试前在复习她的笔记。
They began to look through the photograph album.他们开始翻阅那本照相簿。
You can look the word up in the dictionary.你可以在词典里查这个词。
I want to look them up sometime.我想什么时候去看望他们。
Shes a strange sort of person. I cant make her out.她是一个怪人，我不理解她。
Before his death he made over all his property to his wife.他死前把他的财产都转给了他的妻子。
He made up an interesting story for the children.他给孩子们编了一个有趣的故事。
The actor made himself up for the part of an old man.演员把自己装扮成一个老人。
His account missed out an important fact.他的报道漏掉了一个重要事实。
They packed her off to her aunts house.他们把她打发到她姑姑家去了。
Have you packed your things up?你把行李收拾好了吗？
I cant pass the matter by without making a protest.我不能不理此事不做抗议。
He passed off this difficult question.他回避了这个困难的问题。
Ill pass it over for this once.这一次我就不计较了。
They have paid off twenty of their employees this weekend.这个周末他们发工资后辞掉二十名雇员。
Wrongdoers are usually paid out in the end.干坏事的人最后一般会得到报应。
We should point out his errors to him.我们应当指出他的错误。
Johns report card points up his talent for math.约翰的成绩单说明他有数学天才。
The plan was difficult but we pulled it off.这个计划很困难，但我们成功了。
They put down several revolts.他们镇压了几次叛乱。
He put in an hour a day reading.他每天花一小时看书。
Surely you can put it off one more week.肯定你可以把它再推迟一个礼拜。
They put on a fine performance.他们作了一次出色的演出。
Put the fire out.把火扑灭。
Can you put me through to this number?你能否帮我接通这个号码？
Could you put us up tonight?今晚你可否留我们在这里住？
The crowd ripped off their posters.群众把他们的海报撕了下来。
The criminal has ripped the telephone wires out.罪犯把电话线扯断了。
I ripped them up and threw them in the wastebin.我把它们撕碎扔到垃圾桶里了。
The police ran him down eventually.警察最后把他捕获。
The man was run in for dangerous driving.那人因危险开车被抓了起来。
The print shop ran off a thousand copies of the handbill.印刷厂把传单印了一千份。
He was run over by a car.他被一辆汽车压了。
Lets run through the exercises orally first.咱们先把这些练习口头上做一遍。
Ill see you off.我将给你送行。
Will you see the gentleman out please?你可否把这位先生送到门口？
He saw the project through.他把这项研究干完了。
He was sent down for ten years for robbing a bank.他因抢劫银行被判监禁十年。
Applications must be sent in by 1st July.申请书必须在七月一日前寄来。
There was a large crowd to send him off.有一大群人来给他送行。
Ill send on any letters that come for you.我将把所有寄给你的信转寄给你。
The ship sent out a message for help.这只船发出了求救信号。
The heavy demand for beef sent the price up.对牛肉的大量需求使价格上涨。
He tried to set his ideas down.他设法把他的想法写下来。
The children are setting fireworks off in the garden.孩子们在花园里放烟花。
They set out all their reasons.他们列举了他们所有的理由。
They set up a First Aid Post on the beach.他们在海滩上建立了一个急救站。
I just cant shake off this cold.我就是没法摆脱这次感冒。
They shut down their factory.他们关闭了他们的工厂。
Shut the steam offits getting too warm here.把暖气关掉，这儿太热了。
This will shut out any danger of fire.这将排除一切火灾的危险。
Shut him up; hes said quite enough already.让他别讲下去了，他已经讲得够多了。
Ill need time to sort out the office staff.我需要一点时间去整顿办公室人员。
We had to spell it out to him.我们得向他作详细说明。
The factory has stepped up production.工厂加紧生产。
The firm may take you in just to please your uncle.这家公司可能接受你来让你叔叔高兴。
He took off his coat mask.他脱下大衣口罩。
The college is taking on more staff.这所大学将雇佣更多教工。
The dentist took out two of my teeth.牙医拔掉我两颗牙。
I shall take the matter up with the ministry.我将向部里提出这个问题。
He told them off severely.他严厉地斥责了他们。
Let me top up your glass.让我来把你的酒杯斟满。
The company turned down his proposal.公司拒绝了他的建议。
He turned in two essays every week.他每星期交两篇论文。
I forgot to turn off the water light.我忘了关水灯。
Mozarts music always turns me on.莫扎特的音乐总是引起我的兴趣。
The factory turns out bicycles.这家工厂生产自行车。
He turned over the business to his son.他把买卖交给了他的儿子。
The prosecutor turned up some new evidence.检察官发现了一些新证据。
Can you win the director over?你能把院长争取过来吗？
She wiped off the dust.她把尘土擦掉。
The whole army was wiped out.全军被歼灭。
I was trying to work off a few pounds.我设法减轻几磅体重。
Ill try and work something out.我得设法想出一个主意。
I cant work up any interest in the book.我不能鼓起对这本书的兴趣。
His stomach acted up after dinner.饭后他的胃疼了起来。
His story didnt add up.他讲的情况令人莫名其妙。
Jim has just blown in.吉姆刚才突然来了。
The tire blew out.车胎爆了。
The storm will soon blow over.暴风雨很快就会过去。
House prices bottomed out last year.去年房价跌到了最低点。
The negotiations have broken down.谈判破裂了。
The Second World War broke out in September 1939.第二次世界大战于1939年9月爆发。
Scientists hoped to break through in their fight against heart disease.科学家希望在和心脏病的斗争中取得突破。
After midnight the party broke up.午夜之后舞会散会了。
Call in this evening if you can.如果可能今晚到我家来一趟。
All right. Ill call up again.好的，我会再打电话来。
The situation calmed down temporarily.局势暂时平静下来。
Please carry请继续下去。
The play caught on and ran for two months.这个剧很受欢迎，连演了两个月。
Mother you must cheer up.妈妈，你必须高兴起来。
I usually clock in at 8 oclock.我通常八点打卡上班。
The sky clouded over.天空乌云密布。
The childs temperature came down in the morning.早上孩子的烧退了。
The socialists came in at the last election.上次选举社会党人上台了。
His plans havent come off.他的计划没有成功。
The plants are coming on nicely.花木长势很好。
The flowers buds are coming out.要开花发芽了。
The unconscious man began to come round.失去知觉的人开始苏醒过来。
The bill came up for debate.法案被提出进行辩论。
She always cuts in when other people are talking.别人讲话时她老插嘴。
The wind has died down.风平息下来了。
The species is dying off.这个品种的动物正在灭绝。
Many old customs are gradually dying out.许多旧风俗正逐渐消失。
The days are drawing out now that its spring.春天来了，白天越来越长了。
The car drew up before the filling station.汽车在加油站前停了下来。
They dressed up for the occasion.他们为这次活动打扮得漂漂亮亮的。
The Italian runner is dropping behind.那位意大利赛手落在后面了。
He often dropped in for coffee.他常常到我家来喝咖啡。
Sales have been dropping off badly.销售量一直减少得很厉害。
If you do not like the idea drop out.你如果不喜欢这个想法可以退出。
The tension between the two countries has eased off.两国间的紧张形势缓和了下来。
The pain began to ease up after she was given a sedative.给她吃了镇定剂后她的疼痛开始缓解。
How does the story end up?这故事结局如何？
Face about!向后转！
Soon he fell behind in the race.不久他在赛跑中落后了。
She fell down in the oral examination.她口试没及格。
The walls fell in.墙倒塌了。
Attendances have fallen off.出勤率下降了。
Joanna and I have fallen out again.朱安娜和我又吵架了。
The scheme fell through.计划失败了。
The news of the disaster soon got about.事故的消息很快传开了。
But in the end he gave in.但最后他让步了。
When they saw that they were surrounded they gave up.当他们看见自己被包围就投降了。
The floods are going down.洪水正在消退。
My alarm went off at 6 a. m.早上六点钟我的闹钟响了。
What is going on out there?外边那儿发生了什么事？
The fire has gone out.火灭了。
The ship went under with 1000 passengers.那艘船载着一千乘客沉没了。
New office blocks are going up everywhere.到处都在盖办公大楼。
We hung about until the shops were opened.我们闲待着直到商店开门。
Lets hang around a while.咱们闲待一会儿。
Ill call him.别挂电话！我去叫他。Hang on!
The besieged garrison managed to hang out for ten days.被围攻的卫戍部队成功地坚持了十天。
Lanny said no and she hung up.兰尼说不行，接着就把电话挂上了。
Hold on until I fetch help.坚持一下，等我找人来帮忙。
The city held out for six months under the seige.这座城市在围攻下坚持抵抗了六个月。
If the weather holds up I shall be glad.这种天气如果能继续下去我会很高兴。
I hope the rain keeps off.我希望雨暂时不下。
He kept on till the work was finished.他继续干直到把工作干完。
John had to work hard to keep up.约翰得努力干才能跟上。
He has knocked about all over Europe.他在欧洲到处旅行。
What time do you knock off?你什么时候下班停止工作？
The doctor advised me to lie up for a week.医生劝我卧床休息一个礼拜。
I looked in to tell you that the affair is all settled.我来是告诉你这事已完全解决。
Richie looked on to improve his chess.里奇在一旁观看，来提高自己的棋艺。
If you dont look out youll hurt yourself.你如果不当心，自己会受伤。
Business is looking up.生意有好转。
Two other boys made off through the trees.另外两个小伙子从树林间逃跑了。
How are you making out with Mary?你和玛丽相处得怎样？
The actors were making up when we arrived.我们到时，演员们正在上妆。
Stop messing about!不要胡混了！
Mind out the dish is hot!当心，盘子烫手！
The flower opened out when the sun came out.太阳出来后花就开了。
Trade is opening up again.贸易又活跃起来。
You had better own up.你最好坦白交代。
Has your toothache passed off?你的牙疼好了吗？
My grandmother passed on over last night at the age of 89.我奶奶昨晚去世，享年八十九岁。
She passed out when she heard the bad news.听了这坏消息她昏厥了。
The deal will pay off Im sure.我肯定这项交易有利可图。
If you dont pay up Ill take legal action.如果你不偿还欠款，我将采取法律行动。
He picked up gradually after a long illness.他病了很长时间，后来慢慢痊愈了。
Business is beginning to pick up.生意开始好起来了。
My rheumatisms playing up again.我的关节炎又犯了。
As the train pulled in there was a rush to get seats.火车进站时，大家都去抢座位。
Jim saw that the firm was going to be ruined so he pulled out.吉姆看到公司快破产了，于是他退了出来。
He was very ill for a time but he managed to pull through.有一段时间他病得很重，但他最后痊愈了。
The car pulled up outside the inn.汽车在旅馆外停了下来。
I told him to push off.我让他走掉。
They pushed on at a rapid pace.他们快速向前推进。
He rang off before I could ask his name.我还没来得及问他名字他就把电话挂上了。
A shot rang out in the night.半夜响起一声枪声。
Ill ring up to see if hes there.我来打电话看他是否在那里。
All our supply of food has run out.我们的食品全吃完了。
Last year he sold out and moved to Cornwall.去年他把他的店卖掉搬到康沃尔去了。
Winter set in early.冬天来得早。
Then we shall set off for town together.然后我们将一道动身到城里去。
They set out as the sun was rising.太阳升起时他们出发了。
He set to enthusiastically.他热情地干了起来。
They settled down very happily in their new home.他们高高兴兴地在新家安顿下来。
The new neighbours seem to have settled in now.新邻居现在似乎已住惯了。
Well settle up after lunch.午饭后我们结账。
She wants to show off you know.她想卖弄自己，你知道。
He was invited but didnt show up.他被邀请但没出席。
He always speaks out against injustice.他对不公平的事总是大胆讲出表示反对。
If you thought it wasnt fair why didnt you speak up?如果你认为这不公平，你为什么不大胆讲出来？
Why did you just stand by and do nothing?你为什么袖手旁观？
Fred was very tall and stood out in the crowd.弗雷德个子很高，在人群中很突出。
The charges youve made would never stand up in court.你提出的控诉在法院永远不能成立。
He stayed behind to finish the work.他留着没走把工作干完。
Im staying in tonight to watch television.今晚我留在家里看电视。
He is 65 next month but is staying on as chairman.他下月六十五岁了，却将继续任主席。
I stayed up reading until midnight.我一直看书到十二点才睡。
When the judge became ill he had to step down.法官病了，不得不离职。
The police had to step in to control the outbreak of rioting.爆发暴乱，警察不得不进行干预加以控制。
The drum major lowered his baton and the band stepped off.军乐队指挥落下指挥棒乐队开始行进。
She stepped up to collect her prize.她走向前领奖。
Stick around for a while.在附近待一会儿。
They are determined to stick out for a reduction in working hours.他们决心坚持要求减少工时。
Every now and then a plane would take off.每隔一会儿就有一架飞机起飞。
I wish he wouldnt take on so!我希望他不要这样难过。
The new headmaster takes over on September 1st.新校长九月一日接替。
The weather has taken up a bit.天气稍稍好转。
We touched down at London airport at 6:15.我们于六点一刻在伦敦机场着陆。
Turn off about a mile further on.再往前一英里离开公路。
The whole town turned out for the parade.全城的人出来观看游行。
For some reason he did not turn up.由于某种原因他没有来。
Ill wait up till midnight.我将等到午夜再睡。
The workers have walked out.工人罢工了。
Watch out! The police are coming.当心，警察来了。
My first impressions are wearing off.我的最初印象逐渐消失。
Time is wearing on. Hell soon be ten years old.时间慢慢过去。很快他就十岁了。
Cheap clothes wear out quickly.便宜衣服很容易磨坏。
The meeting wound up at six oclock.会议六点钟结束。
Things have worked out badly.情况发展不佳。
Are we to have the contest today or tomorrow?比赛是今天还是明天举行？
Is the ceremony to be held in the morning or in the afternoon?典礼是上午举行还是下午举行？
Hurry up or well be late.赶快，否则我们就迟到了。
I asked if I could borrow her bicycle but she refused.我问她可否借她的自行车，但她拒绝了。
He went through all this. He was different however from the others.他经历了这一切，但他却与别人不同。
There was no news; nevertheless she went on hoping.没有消息，但她仍存着希望。
还有许多连词可以引起各种从句。
此外还有that，whether等从属连词，可引起名词从句包括主语从句、宾语从句、表语从句等。
Her son lives at home and has a steady job.她儿子住在家里，有一份稳定的工作。
Slow but sure.慢而稳。
Her father died when she was young.她很小时父亲就死了。
He was having dinner when the telephone rang.他正吃饭电话铃响了。
I will discuss this with you when we meet.我们见面时再讨论此事。
When he looked back the woman had vanished.他往回望时那女人已经不见了。
Ill write when I have finished the book.我把书写完了再给你写信。
She listened while he read.他朗读时她听着。
He felt chilly while he was walking.他走着时感到有些凉意。
Ill take care of him while you are away.你不在时我照顾他。
While Im writing you can be doing something else.我写作时你可以干别的事。
He rose as she entered.她进来时他站起身来。
As he slept he dreamed a dream.他睡觉时做了一个梦。
As I was coming here I met your brother.我来这里时碰到了你哥哥。
Just before I left London I sent him a telegram.就在我离伦敦前我给他发了一个电报。
It was a long time before I got to sleep again.过了好久我才又睡着。
I hadnt waited long before she came.我没等多久她就来了。
Before I could stop her she slid out.不等我阻止她她已溜走了。
We cant possibly finish this before the rains start.雨季开始前我们不可能干完这个。
Long before you return she will have forgotten you.在你回来前她会早已把你忘了。
Soon after she returned the child vomited.她回来不久孩子就吐了。
After we had finished tea we all sat on the grass.我们吃完下午茶都在草地上坐着。
I will tell them after you leave have left.你走了之后我再告诉他们。
I told them after you had left.你走之后我给他们讲了。
I watched him until he disappeared from sight.我望着他直到他看不见了。
Lets wait until till the rain stops.咱们等到雨停吧。
They will fight till they have overthrown the dictator.他们将战斗到把独裁者推翻。
He lay still till the sun was up.他静静地躺着直到太阳出来。
I did not begin to work till he had gone.他走了之后我才开始工作。
I have lived here since I was a child.我从小就在这里住。
Its a long time since I met you last.从上次见到你，已有很长时间了。
I havent seen you since I have been back.我回来后就一直没见到你。
Two weeks had passed since Martin had seen him.马丁上次见到他以来，又过了两个礼拜了。
Whenever she looked at Lanny she smiled.每次她望着兰尼时，她都笑笑。
Whenever I see him I speak to him.每当我见到他，我都和他讲话。
I go to the theatre whenever I get the chance.一有机会我就去看戏。
Every time I go to class I panic.我每次去上课都害怕。
He felt nervous each time she spoke to him.每次她和他讲话，他都感到紧张。
Next time you come in please close the door.下次你进来，请关门。
The last time we talked he said he needed another two days.上次我们谈话时他说他还需要两天。
Now that we are alone we can speak freely.既然我们单独在一起，可以随便谈了。
Immediately the meal was over he switched on the radio.饭一吃完他就把收音机打开。
Once you began you couldnt stop.你一旦开始就停不住了。
We had no sooner set out than a thunderstorm broke.我们刚出发就遇到了大雷雨。
He started as soon as he received the news.他一接到消息就出发了。
He felt a thrill the moment he got into the theatre.他一进剧场就无比激动。
Scarcely had they gone out when it began to rain.他们刚刚出来就下起雨来。
Hardly had he arrived when she started complaining.他刚一到她就开始发起牢骚来。
He got engaged to her when travelling in Europe.在欧洲旅行时，他和她订了婚。
He gave good practical advice when asked.有人问他时，他总帮助出切实可行的好主意。
Often she would weep when alone.一个人待着时，她常常哭泣。
Use the simple verb whenever possible.只要可能，就用简单动词。
He trembled a little while doing so.他这样做时，稍稍颤抖了一下。
He had an accident while on his way here.在来这里的路上他出事了。
He retained the consciousness of it while asleep.睡着时，他还继续意识到它。
While yet a youth he gaind a prize in poetic contest.在青年时期，他就获得诗歌比赛奖。
before，after，since，till后也可跟名词或动名词，不过这时它们是用作介词。
It doesnt matter if you dont find her.如果你找不到她，也没有关系。
Youll forgive me if I have given you pain.如果我给你造成痛苦，希望你宽恕我。
I would have talked to him if Id thought of it.如果我想到了，我就和他谈了。
If she went would you go either?如果她去，你也会去吗？
Dont come unless I telephone.除非我给你电话否则你别来。
I shouldnt dream of going unless you wanted me.我不会想要去，除非你要我去。
You will fail unless you work hard.如果你不用功，你会不及格。
Supposing she doesnt come what shall we do?要是她不来我们怎么办？
Supposing he cant come who will do the work.假使他不能来，这工作谁做？
She will go provided her friends can go also.如果她的朋友也能去，她就会去。
He will do the work providing you pay him.如果你能付费，他可以做这工作。
As long as youre happy it doesnt matter what you do.只要你高兴，你做什么都没关系。
I dont care so long as she lets me be with her son.只要她让我和她儿子在一起，我不在乎。
In case I forget please remind me about it如果我忘了，请提醒我。
I would have married her even if she had been penniless.即使她身无分文，我也会和她结婚。
Should I be free tomorrow I will come.如果我明天有空，我会来。
Were they to cease advertising prices would come down.如果他们停止做广告，价钱会降下来。
Had I been there I would have filmed the occasion.如果我在那里，我会把那场面拍摄下来了。
If necessary ring me at home.如果必要，可以打电话到我家找我。
He will come if asked.如果请他来，他会来的。
If in doubt ask at your local library.若有疑问，你可询问当地图书馆。
He would never do this unless compelled.他绝不会做这事，除非是被迫如此。
After that unless redeemed itll be for sale.在那之后，除非有人赎取，否则将会卖掉它。
In case of fire ring the bell.如有火灾，请按铃。
Whoever you are you cant pass this way.不管你是谁，你不能从这儿过去。
So dont lose heart whatever you do.因此不管你做什么，都不要灰心。
Wherever he goes theres always a spy hanging about.不管他到哪里，总有特务跟着他。
It has the same result whichever way you do it.不管你怎么做结果都一样。
However cold it is she always goes swimming.不管天多冷，她都会去游泳。
She was going to be a singer no matter what difficulties she met.不管她遇到什么困难，她都要去当歌手。
You cant go in no matter who you are.不管你是谁，都不能进去。
He had to get the car fixed no matter how much it cost.不管花多少钱，他也得把车修好。
I lent him 50 in order so that he might go for a holiday.我借给他50英镑以便他能出去度假。
In order that you may create such a picture you have to possess certain artistic weapons.创作这样的画，你得具有某些艺术手段。
I have come all the way from Vienna in order that you should thoroughly understand me.我这么远从维也纳来，为的是让你彻底了解我。
I hired a boat so that I could go fishing.我租了一条船，以便去钓鱼。
Speak clearly so that they may understand you.讲清楚些，以便他们能理解你。
He wore a mask so that no one should recognize him.他戴了一个口罩，以便无人认出他。
Check carefully so any mistake will be caught.仔细检查，这样以来任何错误都可检查出来。
Ill show you so you can see how its done.我将做给你看，以便你知道应怎样干。
They have died that liberty might live.他们死了，以便自由能长存。
Bring it closer that I might see it better.拿近些，使我能看得清楚些。
She wanted tea ready at six so that she could be out by eight.她要在六点钟把下午茶准备好，以便她八点钟能出去。
He spoke in whispers lest the servants should hear him.他讲话的声音很低，唯恐佣人们会听到他的话。
Ill be kind to her lest she decide to leave me.我要好好待她，以免她决定离开我。
Hes working hard for fear he should fail.他努力工作以免失败。
Shut the window for fear that it may rain.把窗子关好以防下雨。
I shall sit up for a time in case Im wanted.我暂时不睡以防需要我。
Take your coat in case it rains should rain.带着雨衣以防下雨。
Rose trod with care in order not to spread the dirt.罗丝走路很小心，以防扬起尘土。
In order to follow the buffalos the Indians often had to move their camps.为了追逐野牛，印第安人常常要迁移他们的帐篷。
Go in quietly so as not to wake the baby.悄悄走进去，以免把宝宝吵醒。
We picked apples so as to make a pie.我们摘苹果是为了做馅饼。
Shut the window for fear of rain.关上窗子以防下雨。
He left an hour early for fear of missing the train.他早走一个钟头，以免赶不上火车。
The wall was built along the river in case of floods.沿江筑了堤坝以防有洪水。
It was so dark that they couldnt see each others faces.天是那样黑，他们看不见彼此的脸。
My mother lives so far away that we hardly ever see her.我母亲住得那么远，我们很少见到她。
So bright was the moon that the flowers were bright as by day.月亮是那样亮，花儿就像在白天那样鲜艳。
It is such a small matter that I do not care to make any charge.这点小事就不收费了吧。
It gave him such a shock that his face turned white.这使他那样震惊，他脸都白了。
His idea was such a good one that we all agreed to use it.他的想法是那样好，我们都决定采用。
I am so busy that I have no time to write a letter.我是那样忙，我没有时间写信。
There was such a draught it is no wonder that he caught a cold.过堂风这样厉害，难怪他感冒了。
One of her lungs is infected a little so that she has to rest.她的一叶肺有点感染，因此她得休息。
My pencil fell under my desk so that I couldnt see it.我的铅笔掉到书桌下面去了，因此我看不到它。
The play began at eight so they must dine at seven.戏八点开始，所以他们得在七点吃饭。
You told me to do it and so I did it你让我这样做，因此我这样做了。
His heart beat so that he could hardly breathe.他的心跳得这样厉害，他都喘不过气来了。
Explain it so that a 10year old could understand it.解释成这样，使十岁的孩子都能听懂。
Give me back my money otherwise Ill ring the police.把我的钱还给我，否则我就报警了。
Run or else youll be late.快跑，要不你就会迟到了。
Have a care what you say or you may regret it.当心你讲的话，否则你会后悔的。
Drink this; else you will be sick.把这喝下，否则你会生病。
不过，它们都是并列连词，句子都是并列句。
He distrusted me because I was new.他不信任我，因为我是新来的。
You only do it because you have to.你这样做是不得已。
Just because they make more money than I do they think theyre superior.只是由于他们挣钱比我多，他们就认为比我优越。
As all the seats were full he stood up.由于所有座位都有了人，他就站了起来。
We dont know what to do as we are not his parents.我们不知该怎么办，因为我们不是他父母。
As you are sorry Ill forgive you.既然你悔悟了，我就原谅你。
Since weve no money we cant buy it.由于我们没钱，我们无法购买它。
Since you are going I will go too.既然你去，我也去。
I didnt know she had been married since she seldom talked about herself.我不知道她结过婚，因为她很少谈到自己。
Seeing that shes lawfully old enough to get married I dont see how we could stop her.既然她已到了法定可以结婚的年龄，我看不出我们怎样能阻止她。
He has done well to pass his exams seeing he has been ill a lot.考虑到他常常生病，他考试都及格了就很不错。
Considering hes only been learning English a year he speaks it very well.考虑到他学英语才一年，他英语讲得是很好的。
It is still in excellent condition considering that it was built 600 years ago.考虑到它是六百年前修建的，应当说它仍处于良好状态。
Now that you have come you may as well stay.既然你来了，你就留下。
Now that you are well again you can travel.既然你已经好了，你可以旅行了。
We feel proud that our team has won the match.我们队赛赢了，我们感到骄傲。
Im sorry I havent done as much as I should.我很抱歉，我做得很不够。
能跟这种从句的形容词很多，常见的如：annoyed，ashamed，content，delighted，disappointed，glad，hurt，pleased，satisfied，sorry，surprised等。
Although it was barely four oclock the lights were already on.虽然才刚刚四点钟，电灯已经亮了。
They are generous although they are poor.尽管他们很穷却很大方。
Although he is still young he is going very grey.尽管他还年轻他的头发却已变得灰白。
Though we be poor we will still be happy.尽管我们穷，我们仍然快活。
Though times were changed Bursley was still Bursley.虽然时代变了，柏斯莱还是柏斯莱。
The speach is good though it could be better.这次演讲不错，虽然还可以再好一点。
Even though its hard work I enjoyed it.虽然工作艰苦，我还是很喜欢。
He went out even though it was raining.尽管在下雨，他还是出去了。
He felt all this even if he didnt find phrases to express it.这一切他都感觉到了，尽管他找不出词来表达。
Theyll stand by you even if you dont succeed.即使你不成功，他们也会支持你。
While we dont agree we continue to be friends.尽管我们意见不同，我们还是朋友。
While I sympathize I cant really do very much to help.虽然我同情，我却不能帮什么忙。
Exhausted though she was there was no hope of her being able to sleep.尽管她很疲乏，她却没有睡着的希望。
Much as he admired her looks and her manners he had no wish to marry her.虽说他很欣赏她的外貌和仪态，他却无心和她结婚。
Stupid as it sounds I was so in love with her that I believed her.尽管听起来很愚蠢，我是如此爱她竟然相信了她的话。
However much they may desire it they cannot express the sympathetic feelings.尽管他们非常想这样做，却无法表达他们的同情。
He swore that come what may he would never let her know what he was doing for her sake.他发誓，不管发生什么情况，他也绝不让她知道他为她做的事。
Try as he might he couldnt lift the stone.不管他使多大劲，这块石头他也搬不起来。
Well carry on the work whether we could get the machines we need.不管是否我们能得到这些机器，这工作我们也得继续下去。
Granted that he is not brilliant he is at least competent and works hard.即使他并不非常聪明，他至少胜任这项工作，而且勤勤恳恳的。
The girl though plain had a good kind face.这姑娘虽说不漂亮，却有一张和蔼善良的脸。
I went on talking though continually interrupted by Dussel.我继续谈，尽管不断被杜塞尔打断。
He was very lovable although not very tidy.他很可爱，尽管不太整洁。
It was an unequal marriage although a stable and longlasting one.尽管这项婚姻并不平等，却很稳定持久。
While flattered I must decline to accept.虽然我感到高兴，我却不能不婉言谢绝。
Granting his honesty he may be mistaken.即使说他是诚实的，他也可能是错误的。
I have changed it as you suggest.我按照你的建议作了改变。
Robbie didnt feel as she did.罗比没有她那种感觉。
As you know she wasnt much good at letterwriting.正如你知道的，她不善于写信。
Do it like he does.像他那样做。
I love that boy like he was my son.我爱这孩子就像他是我亲生儿子。
He doesnt speak French like I speak it.他讲法语和我讲的不同。
I love you as if you were my son.我爱你就像你是我的儿子。
She looked a bit queer as if she knew something.她显得有些古怪，仿佛她知道什么似的。
He paused as though he found a difficulty.他停了停，仿佛他遇到什么困难似的。
She closed her eyes as though she too were tired.她闭上眼睛，就像她也累了似的。
Joyce looked at me the way a lot girls did.乔伊斯像许多姑娘那样瞧着我。
I was never allowed to do things the way I wanted to do them.他们从不让我按自己的意愿行事。
As scheduled they met on January 20.按计划他们在一月二十日聚会了。
He had failed to visit her as promised.他没有按他的诺言来看望她。
The lad started as if awakened from some dream.这小伙子一惊，仿佛从梦中惊醒似的。
He ran off to the house as if escaping.他向那座房子跑去，仿佛在逃跑似的。
When she had finished she waited as though for a reply.她讲完之后等了等，仿佛是在等候回答似的。
He shivered as though with cold.他颤抖了一下，仿佛受了寒气似的。
Take him where it is quiet.把他带到安静的地方去。
Wherever he goes Ill go.不管他去哪里，我也去。
I will find her wherever she may be.不管她在哪里，我都要找到她。
Wherever the sea is youll find seamen.只要有大海，就有航海的人。
Sit wherever you like.你爱坐哪儿就坐哪儿。
Everywhere I go I find the same thing.不管我到哪里，我都遇到同样的情况。
You see it everywhere you look.不管你往哪儿瞧，你都可以看到它。
You sing better than he does.你的歌比他唱得好。
It is easier than I thought.它比我想象得容易。
She was now happier than she had ever been.这时她比过去任何时候都快乐。
I myself felt as badly as he did.我自己也和他一样难受。
They are as firm as one could expect.他们就像大家期望得那样坚定。
He was as sensitive as he was obstinate.他既敏感又固执。
They arrived earlier than usual.他们到得比平常早。
He was more lucky than clever.他幸运胜过聪明。
He was as much interested in music as ever.他还是像过去那样对音乐有兴趣。
He was as cold to her as formerly.他对她还是像过去那样冷淡。
She is as clever as beautiful.她又聪明又漂亮。
关于这类从句，可参阅有关形容词和副词比较级的章节第266269节、286287节。
That Shelley became a poet may have been due to his mothers influence.雪莱成为诗人可能是受他母亲的影响。
He telephoned her that he wanted to see her.他给她打电话说想见她。
Your greatest fault is that you are careless.你最大的缺点是粗心大意。
I have a feeling that our team is going to win.我感觉我们队会赢。
I dont know whether you like flowers.不知你是否喜欢花。
Whether it will do us harm remains to be seen.是否对我们有害还要看一看。
I worry about whether I hurt her feelings.我很担心是否伤了她的感情。
He asked if I would show him the way.他问我是否可以给他带路。
I wonder if its large enough.不知它是否够大。
I dont know whether to accept or refuse.我不知道应该接受还是拒绝。
I was wondering whether to stay here another week.我不知是否该再待一礼拜。
另外，连接副词或代词也可引起这种从句可参阅第226节及第280节。
aI met a girl who knew your sister.我碰到一个认识你姐姐的姑娘。
There are a lot of things that are wrong.有很多错的东西。
I wanted to find someone with whom I could discuss books and music.我想找到一个可以和我谈书和音乐的人。
That is a factor which we must not neglect.这是一个我们不能忽视的因素。
The woman whose umbrella you took is very angry about it.你拿了那个女人的伞，她非常生气。
bThis is the town where I was born.这就是我出生的城市。
There came a day when the rain fell in torrents.有一天下着倾盆大雨。
These are the reasons why we do it.这些就是我们这样做的原因。
关于这类句子，可参阅关系代词第229232节、关系副词第280节及定语从句第381383节。
He gained a B in English and now he plans to study Spanish.他英语得了一个B，现在他打算学西班牙语。
Were here anyway and thats lucky.我们反正已到了这里，这就是幸运的。
I went and she went also.我去了，她也去了。
Do you want a bath at once or shall I have mine first?是你马上洗澡，还是我先洗？
aI woke up and got out of bed.我醒了下了床。
He started to shout and sing.他开始叫嚷并唱歌。
We will not pay ranson or do deals for hostages.我们不付赎金，也不会就人质作交易。
He didnt yell or scream.他没高声喊叫也没尖叫。
bRead it slowly and clearly.慢慢念，念清楚。
Father and son went to New York by a morning train.父子两人坐早车去了纽约。
Theres one or two things Id like to know about.有一两件事我想知道。
Are you going to water the garden before or after supper?你打算在晚饭前还是晚饭后给花园洗水？
Stir and you are a dead man.动一动就打死你。
Do that again and Ill call a policeman!你要再这样做，我就叫警察了！
Give him an inch and he will take a mile.他会得寸进尺。
Hurry up or youll be late for school.赶快，否则你上学就要迟到了。
Now I must go or I shall be late for the birthday party.现在我得走了，否则生日晚会我就会迟到了。
I would have written before but I have been ill.我本该早写信的，但我生病了。
She never said she was homesick but she was.她从没说她想家，但她是想的。
I ought to have helped her but I never could.我应当给她帮助的，却一直未能这样做。
They see the trees but not the forest.他们见树不见林。
Not you but I am to blame.不该怪你而该怪我。
He no longer felt disappointed but happy and hopeful.他不再感到沮丧，而是高兴，充满希望。
Quickly but silently she darted out of the room.她快速但悄悄地跑出屋去。
He tried to save it but in vain.他试着拯救它，但没用。
He worked hard but without any success.他努力干却未取得成功。
But that question doesnt arrive.但这个问题并未发生。
But Im not going to argue with you.但今晚我不准备和你争论。
He said he was our friend yet he wouldnt help us.他说他是我们的朋友，但却不肯帮助我们。
I have failed yet I shall try again.我失败了，但我还要尝试。
It is strange yet true.这很奇怪，却是真的。
The judge is stem yet completely fair.法官很严厉，却完全公正。
Yet the house was cheerful.但屋子里显得很欢快。
Yet its population has doubled.但它的人口翻了一番。
Shes vain and foolish and yet people like her.她很虚荣愚蠢，但人们却喜欢她。
Shes a funny girl but yet you cant help liking her.她是一个奇怪的姑娘，但你禁不住会喜欢她。
Dimitroff went through all this. He was different however from the others.季米特洛夫经历了这一切，但他和别人却不同。
Christine however was enjoying herself thoroughly.而克里斯廷却玩得很尽兴。
She was not however aware of the circumstances.不过她对这情况却不知情。
However they did not seem to have much effect.但它们却似乎没有多少作用。
You know all this as well as I do however.不过这一切你都和我一样清楚。
Hes charming; nevertheless I dont quite trust him.他很迷人，但我仍不十分信任他。
He was angry nevertheless however he listened to me.他很生气，不过他还是听我讲。
Nevertheless she decided to act.尽管如此，她仍决定采取行动。
Nevertheless she was determined to persevere.不过她决心坚持到底。
What you said was true but it was nevertheless unkind.你讲的是真话，尽管如此却有些无情。
Although hes a fool I like him nevertheless.虽说他很傻，我仍然喜欢他。
He shook his head for he thought differently.他摇了摇头，因为他有不同想法。
She was angry for she didnt know French.她很生气，因为她不懂法语。
Dont swear for I dislike swearing.不要骂人，因为我讨厌骂人。
It must have rained in the night for when I woke up the next morning I saw the grass was wet.夜里准是下了雨，因为我早上醒来时看见草地是湿的。
She must have gone out early for she had not shown up at breakfast.她一定是一早就出去了，因为她没来吃早饭。
You arent listening so Ill shut up.你不在听，因此我就不说了。
She asked me to go so I went.她让我去，所以我就去了。
He told me to do it so I did it.他让我这样做，于是我就这样做了。
So I thought you wouldnt object if I changed them.因此我想如果我作些改变，你不会反对。
So well catch the 3:30 train.所以我们将搭三点半的火车。
So you are going to get married this time.这样说来这次你要结婚了。
So youre back again!原来是你又回来了！
It rained; therefore the game was called off.天下雨，因此球赛取消了。
I think therefore I am.我思故我在。
Therefore we must advocate the forming of committees.因此我们倡导成立委员会。
He had gone; she therefore gave the money to me.他走了，因此她把钱给了我。
He had finished the Times there was therefore nothing to do.他已看完泰晤士报，因此没事干了。
The rain is falling down; it will therefore be necessary for us to wear macs.雨在下，因此我们有必要穿雨衣。
My mother is by herself hence I must go home now.我妈一个人在家，因此我得回家了。
Hence pronouns serving as object must be objective case pronouns.因此作宾语的代词必须用宾格代词。
The town was built on the side of a hill hence the name Hillside.这座城市建在山麓，因此称山麓城。
Baby found a pot of paint hence all the marks on the wall.宝宝发现一盆漆，所以墙上有这么多印记。
Either you or Maria will have to go.你或是玛丽亚得去一趟。
We can have either fish or beef.我们可以吃鱼或是牛肉。
We can either fly there or go by train.我们可以坐飞机去也可坐火车去。
We can finish the work either this week or next week.不是这星期就是下星期我们就可完成这项工作。
Either you must improve your work or I shall dismiss you.要么你改进工作，要么我就辞退你。
aNeither Austria nor Germany would listen to the suggestion.奥地利和德国都不听这个建议。
bI have neither time nor money.我既无时间又无钱。
cThis is neither my fault nor yours.这既不怪我，也不怪你。
dHe neither drinks nor smokes.他既不喝酒，也不抽烟。
eThey work neither for fame nor for personal gain.他们工作既不为名也不为利。
He condemned not only the aristocracy but the capitalists also.他不仅谴责贵族，还谴责资本家。
Not only my mother was unhappy but Marian too.不仅我母亲不快乐，玛丽安也不快乐。
Not only did he speak more correctly but he spoke more easily.不仅他讲得更正确，也讲得更不费劲了。
It is important for you as well as for me.这对你和对我都很重要。
This is a political as well as an economic question.这是一个政治也是经济问题。
We cannot expect her to do the homework as well as look after the children.我们不能指望她既做作业又照看孩子。
I was not happy and neither were they.我不快活，他们也不快活。
I didnt go and nor did my wife.我没去，我妻子也没去。
He never went again nor did he write to apologize.他没再去过，也没写信致歉。
Both she and Sophia were pleased with the girl.她和索菲娅都喜欢这姑娘。
The food was both bad and insufficient.食物既差又不够。
The situation both at home and abroad is in our favour.国内外形势对我们都有利。
Tonight Mary will both sing and dance.今晚玛丽既要唱歌又要跳舞。
Oh what a fine day!啊，多好的天气！
Oh how you frightened me!啊，你吓了我一跳！
Oh is that so?啊，是这样吗？
That little girl of yours oh is such a dear!你那个小妹妹，唉，真逗人喜欢！
这类词常常不易译成确切的汉语。同一感叹词在不同上下文中表示的情绪不尽相同，有时表示的情感很细致，在汉语中常常很难找到确切的词翻译出来，只能从上下文去捉摸，找出近似的汉语词译出。
Oh hell tell you himself.嗯，他自己会告诉你的。
Oh dear! Why should you be so stubborn!天哪，你怎么这么固执！
Dear me I didnt know you were so sharptongued.嗨，不知道你的嘴这样厉害。
My goodness! How could you work so fast!我的天，你怎么干得这么快！
Good Gracious what an ugly house!天哪，这房子真难看！
O Lord can a cabbage grow that big?天呀，白菜能长得这么大？
Good Heavens itll get into the papers.天呀，这会登到报上去的。
Heavens what a cold room!嗬，这房间真冷！
Good Lord its you!天呀，原来是你！
Ow that hurt.啊，疼！
Ouch youre hurting me!啊，你把我弄疼了！
Alas my lover has forsaken me.唉，我爱人把我抛弃了。
There was alas no shortage of assassinations.唉，谋杀案可不少。
Hello Nancy. Hello. said the girl.嗨，南希。嗨这姑娘说。
He lifted the receiver and said Hello but no one replied.他拿起话筒说：喂！但没人回答。
Hi Uncle Harald Thomas said.嗨，哈罗德大叔，托马斯说。
Hi there Mr. Swallow good to see you.嗨，斯瓦洛先生，见到你很高兴。
Hey come and look at this!嗨，过来看这是什么！
Why you are ahead of time too!怎么，你也提前完成了。
Why man shes after your money.你不知道，伙计，她是想你的钱。
Our plane is taking off in five minutes.我们的飞机五分钟后就起飞。
Beijing is a beautiful city.北京是一座美丽的城市。
Who is speaking please?请问你是哪位？
Both were offered jobs immediately.两人都被立即安排了工作。
Onetenth of the population are elderly people.十分之一的人口是老年人。
Two will be enough.两个就够了。
Singing is one of my interests.唱歌是我的兴趣之一。
Theres no denying the fact.这个事实不容否认。
To act like that is childish.这样做是幼稚的。
Its better to be on the side side.保险行事总是好一些。
An adult jogging for 3000 meters burns about 230 kilocalories.成年人跑3000米大约消耗230千卡的热量。
What I say goes!我说了算！
Whether it is a good plan remains to be seen.这个计划是不是好还需要看一看。
A is an article. A是冠词。
The unemployed lead a hard life.失业的人过着艰难的生活。
Slowly is exactly how he speaks.他说话就是慢吞吞的。
Out on the lake will be all right.到湖上玩玩倒不错。
Dancing is fun. I love it.跳舞很有意思，我很喜欢。
Washing his car seems to be his main hobby.洗车似乎是他的主要爱好。
Walking quickly is difficult.快步走是困难的。
Slow cooking makes tough meat tender.慢火炖可以使硬肉变烂。
Rowing keeps you fit.划船使你身体好。
Being lost can be a terrifying experience.迷路有时是很可怕的。
Lighting the fire used to be a daily chore in those days.那时生火是每天要干的家务活。
Not being tall is not a serious disadvantage in life.个子不高不是人生中的严重缺陷。
Not being punctual makes him unreliable.不准时使他变得不可靠。
Your denying everything will get you nowhere.你否认一切，这对你没有好处。
Jennys not having been trained as a dancer was her one regret.杰妮没受过舞蹈训练是她的一大遗憾。
The lighting of fires here is forbidden.在这里生火是禁止的。
A ringing of bells marks the end of the old year.一阵钟声标志着一年的结束。
Its no use talking about it now.现在谈这事没有用。
Its no good waiting here.在这里等没有用。
It doesnt matter throwing it away.把它扔掉没关系。
It felt funny being called Grandmother.被人叫作祖母感到怪怪的。
Its a waste of time your talking to him.你和他谈是浪费时间。
Its doesnt make much difference my being there.我在不在那儿没有什么影响。
关于这方面的用法可参阅第138节。
Paris is a beautiful city isnt it?巴黎是一座美丽的城市，是吧？
When did the letter come? It came this morning.这封信什么时候送来的？今天早上送来的。
We have 100. Will it be enough for a deposit?我们有一百美元。作定金够吗？
Is this your dog?  No it isnt.这是你的狗吗？不是的。
Her baby is due next month. She hopes it will be a boy.她的孩子下月出生。她希望是一个儿子。
It was a great surprise to me when he did a thing like that.他这样做使我很吃惊。
Hes never come to see his son. Its most peculiar isnt it?他从来不来看他儿子，这很奇怪，是吧？
Its my fault.这得怪我。
Thank you for doing that. Its a pleasure.谢谢你这样做。这是令人高兴的事。
The strike went on for a month before it was settled.罢工持续了一个月才解决。
Its still raining.还在下雨。
It was pouring with rain.这时下着倾盆大雨。
It snowed steadily throughout the night.雪不停地下了一夜。
Its a lovely day isnt it?天气好极了，是吧？
It was a warm sunny afternoon.这是一个暖和、阳光灿烂的下午。
Its a bit windy.有点刮风。
What time is it?什么时候了？
Its ten oclock.现在是十点钟。
Its Sunday. Nobody is in.这是星期天。没人在家。
It was nearly midnight when she came back.她回来时已快到午夜了。
Its two years since I saw you last.上次见到你到现在已经两年了。
What is the date?Its the third of May?今天几号了？是五月三号。
Its nice down there.在那儿很好。
It was very quiet in the café.在咖啡店很安静。
Itll be lovely in the garden tonight.今晚花园里会很美。
Its noisy in here.这里很嘈杂。
Theyre sure to see you. its bright moonlight.月亮这么亮，他们一定会看到你。
Its getting so dark.天变得这么黑了。
Its two miles to the beach.到海边有两英里。
Its half an hours walk to the city centre.走路到市中心只需半小时。
Its only twenty minutes drive to our college.到我们大学开车去只需二十分钟。
How far is it from your office to the bank?从你办公室到银行有多远？
这类句子可称为分裂句cleft sentences，这种结构可称为分裂结构cleft structure。
It was Helen who broke the news to me.这消息是海伦告诉我的。
It was Bill who found the answer.答案是比尔找出的。
It was you who had been wrong.错的是你。
Was it you who broke the window?窗子是你打破的吗？
Who was it that called the meeting?这会议是谁召开的？
But here its my word that counts.但这里我说了算。
aIts Nancy whom you should ask.你应当问南希。
It was Tom in whom she still had her faith.她信任的还是汤姆。
It was Jim with whom Philip first came in contact.菲利浦首先接触的是吉姆。
Its me that he blamed.他责怪的是我。
bIts money that they want.他们要的是钱。
It was a key that I found in his pocket.我在他口袋里找到的是一把钥匙。
Its Spain that they are going to.他们打算去的是西班牙。
It was on Monday Night that all this happened.这一切都是在星期一夜间发生的。
It was through me that he lost his place.是因为我他才失去他的职位的。
It was here that he differed from an Englishman.他和英国人的不同就在于此。
It was from Betty that he first heard the news.这消息他最早是从贝蒂那里听到的。
In which play of Shakespeares is it that Viola appears?维欧拉是在莎士比亚那个剧里出现的吗？
Why is it that you object to the idea?你为什么反对这个想法？
I think it was Goethe said this.我想这话是歌德说的。
It was Pember drove Miss Sophia yesterday wasnt it?昨天是彭伯给索菲娅小姐开车，对吧？
It was you I thought of all the time.我一直想的是你。
It was then I heard Phuongs steps.就在那时，我听到福安的脚步声。
What is it you want me to do?你要我做的是什么？
Was it in 1980 this happened?这事是1980年发生的吗？
aIts pleasant to lie on the beach.比较：To lie on the beach is pleasant.躺在海滩上很让人高兴。
Its important to know your limitations.知道自己的局限性是重要的。
Its absurd to be afraid of them.害怕他们是荒谬的。
bIts a great privilege to know you.认识你很荣幸。
Its a pity to refuse.拒绝是令人遗憾的。
Its a good idea to have a little notebook handy.手边有个小笔记本是个好主意。
cIts against the law to do that.这样做是违法的。
It was quite beyond me to help them.帮助他们完全超过我的能力。
dIt cost 100 to mend the roof.修理房顶花了100英镑。
It gave me great pleasure to watch them.观看它们使我很高兴。
It was considered impossible to fail.失败被认为是不可能的。
Its strange to be sleeping in this house again.奇怪，又睡在这房子里了。
It felt pleasant to be going to work.去上班感到很愉快。
It would have been amusing to have taken part in these activities.参加这些活动会是很有趣的。
Oh what a mistake it is to have come!啊，来这里是个多大的错误呀！
What time would it be most convenient for me to call again?我什么时候再来拜访最方便？
Its getting harder every day for a poor man to get a living.穷人维持生活变得日益困难。
Its very good of you to have listened to me.你听了我的话太好了。
关于不定式作主语，可参阅第131节。
aIts fun working for him.为他工作很有意思。
Its no use saying any more about it.再谈这事没有用。
Its no good going there today.今天去没用。
bDo you think its worth while quarrelling with me?你认为和我吵值得吗？
Its terribly tiring working late like this.这样干到深夜是非常累人的。
It was pleasant sitting there.坐在那里很愉快。
cIt doesnt matter wasting a little money.浪费一点钱没有关系。
I felt funny being dressed like a peasant girl.打扮成村姑我感到有点怪怪的。
Its a waste of time your talking to him.你和他谈话是白费时间。
It has been a great honour your coming to visit us.你来看望我们是极大的荣幸。
关于动名词作主语，可参阅第138节。
aIt was evident that Victor had returned.显然维克多已经回来了。
Its such a great pleasure that you are here.你在这里是非常令人高兴的事。
Its getting about that hes to be married.谣传他即将结婚了。
bIt was clear enough what he meant.他的意思是很明显的。
Its not known where she went.她到哪里去了没人知道。
Its not yet settled whether I am going to America.我去不去美国还没定。
Its the postman.是邮差来了。
Who is it?Its me.是谁呀！是我。
Who is it there? Its me; it is Mary.谁在那儿？是我，玛丽。
Whats that noise?Its only the dog.这声音是怎么回事？是狗。
Why its you! she cried.啊，原来是你！她叫道。
Her face lighted when she saw who it was.看到是谁时她的脸开朗起来。
Nothing has happened. Its only the wind shaking the house.没事，只是风使房子震动。
Hello Peter its Mike here.喂，彼得，我是迈克。
So you are going to be married this time? When is it?这样说这次你要结婚了？什么时候结？
It says there was a big fire in Soho.听说在索霍区有一场大火。
Isnt it awful!真糟糕！
Its a shame isnt it?这很耻辱，是吧？
Its no use.没有用。
It doesnt matter.没关系。
Its getting very competitive in the car industry.汽车业竞争越来越激烈了。
Its my fault that this has happened.发生这事得怪我。
Its not my business how she chooses to live.她愿过什么样的生活不干我的事。
What she lacks is experience.她缺乏的是经验。
That he should have ignored the working class was natural.他忽视工人阶级是很自然的。
That she is still alive is a consolation.她还活着是使人感到宽慰的。
That she became an artist may have been due to her fathers influence.她成为画家可能是受她父亲的影响。
That you are coming to London is the best news I have heard this long time.你将来伦敦是好久以来我听到的最好消息。
That she was chosen made a tremendous stir in her village.她被挑选上，在她村子里引起很大轰动。
绝大多数包含主语从句的句子都借助先行词it作为形式上的主语，而把主语从句放到句子后面去。
Its strange that it hasnt been noticed before.很奇怪，以前没人注意到这点。
It was plain to everyone that she was offended.大家都能看出她是生气了。
How is it possible that a man can fall so low?一个人怎么可能堕落到这个地步？
From the photographs it seems clear that she was no beauty.从这些相片上看，显然她不是一个美人。
Its a shame that he didnt come.很遗憾他没来。
It was a fearful disappointment to us that you didnt come to the party.你没来参加晚会使我们非常失望。
Its a pity that he didnt finish college.真遗憾他大学没毕业。
Its a wonder that he is still alive.他还活着，真是奇迹。
It happened that the harvest was bad that year.恰好那年收成不好。
It struck me that nobody was in favour of the change.我突然感到没有人赞成这种改变。
It suddenly occurred to him that this was an act he could never do.他突然想到这是他绝不能做的一件事。
It grieved her that George could not sleep there.她很伤心，乔治不能在那里睡。
It was agreed that the transaction should be kept secret.双方同意这项交易应当保密。
It was felt that there had been some duplication of effort.大家感到努力有些重复。
It is said that there has been an earthquake in Japan.据说日本发生了一次地震。
It was reported that they had brought down two enemy planes.据报道他们击落了两架敌机。
Who is to head the delegation hasnt been made public.谁来领导这个代表团还没有宣布。
How many people we are to invite is still a question.邀请多少人还是一个问题。
When we arrive doesnt matter.什么时候到没有关系。
Where I spend my summer is no business of yours.我在哪里过暑假不关你的事。
It hasnt been made public whos to head the delegation.
It is still a question how many people we are to invite.
It doesnt matter when we arrive.
Its no business of yours where I spend my summer.
Whether it will do us harm or good remains to be seen.这对我们有害还是有利还得看一看。
It remains to be seen whether it will do us harm or good.它对我们是利是害，还得看看再说。
虽然两种结构都是可用的，但带it的结构似乎还是用得多一些。
It was clear enough what she meant.很清楚她是什么意思。
It is amazing how one can conceive such an idea.能想出这样的主意是令人惊异的。
Its clear why the unions distrust the law.为什么工会不信任这条法律是很清楚的。
It was uncertain whether he could come or not.他是否会来还不确定。
Its a mystery to me how it all happened.这一切是怎么发生的是一个谜。
Its a puzzle how life began.生命是如何开始的是一个谜。
It is a marvel how he works so hard.他怎么这样勤奋是一个奇迹。
It struck her how gentle he was being.她深深感到他多么温存。
It struck Kipps what a good chap he was.吉普斯感到他是一个多么好的人。
It did not matter much where he lived.他在哪里住都没有关系。
It makes little difference whether we go or stay.我们去还是留没有多大差别。
Is it known where they went?有人知道他们到哪里去了吗？
It hasnt been made clear when the conference is to take place.会议什么时候召开还不清楚。
It hasnt been decided who will be sent to work there.还没决定将派谁到那里工作。
It is being considered whether she should be promoted.正在考虑她是否应当提升。
What you need is a goodsized canvas bag.你需要的是一个比较大的帆布袋。
What she saw gave her a little fright.她看到的情况使她有点害怕。
What I am afraid of is their taking him to Portugal.我担心的是他们把他带到葡萄牙去。
What struck me was that they have all suffered a lot.给我很深印象的是他们都受过很多苦。
What he said was perfectly true.他讲的都是事实。
What you have to do is to choose a company to invest in.你需要做的是选一家公司投资。
aWhatever she did was right.她做的一切都是对的。
Whatever I have is at your service.我所有的一切都供你使用。
Whatever she says goes.一切她说了算。
bWhoever comes will be welcome.谁来都欢迎。
Whoever wants the book may have it.谁想要这本书就可拿去。
Whoever gets the job will have a lot of work.谁要是得到这份工作就有很多事要做。
cWhichever of you comes in first will receive a prize.不管你们谁第一个到都可得到一份奖品。
Whichever you want is yours.你要哪一个，哪一个就是你的。
There is a vase on the table.桌上有一只花瓶。
Theres no trouble.没有什么麻烦。
I didnt know thered been a murder.我不知道出了谋杀案。
Therell be a car race next week.下星期有一次汽车赛。
Are there any lakes in the city?城内有湖吗？
Therere lots of gardens in Suzhou arent there?苏州有很多花园，对吧？
How many new words are there in the text?课文里有多少生词？
Is there a vocabulary at the end of the book?书末有词汇表吗？
There is a television in the room.房里有一台电视机。
There are a few pictures on the wall.墙上有几张画。
There was a sofa and two armchairs.有一张长沙发，两张小沙发。
There is a girl and two boys in the room.房里有一个女孩和两个男孩。
There were one or two chaps there.那儿有一两个人。
In addition to her there were Mr. and Mrs Dalby.除了她还有戴尔比夫妇。
在主语前有a number of，a lot of，a few等量词时，动词仍和主语保持一致：There were a number of swans on the lake.湖上有好些天鹅。
There are a lot of doves on the square.广场上有很多鹤子。
Is there any mail Are there any letters for me?有我的信吗？
At noon there was still no news.到中午时仍然没有消息。
There were strong winds last night.昨晚刮大风。
Therell be a film on this afternoon.今天下午要放映电影。
There has been no rain today.今天没下雨。
Have there been any fresh developments?有什么新的发展吗？
There was a knock at his door.有人敲他的门。
There will be bloodshed tonight.今晚会发生流血事件。
There was thunder in the air天上打着雷。
Sooner or later therell be a big row.迟早会大吵一场。
Has there been an accident?出事了吗？
There had been two sea fights between them.他们之间发生了两场海战。
I hope there will be a change in the weather.我希望天气会变一变。
There are ten people coming to dinner.有十个人来吃晚饭。
Theres a car waiting at the door.门口有一辆车等着。
There was monsoon raging outside.外面刮着猛烈的季候风。
There were a group of young people working in the fields.有一群青年在地里劳动。
There was a girl sitting by his side.有一个姑娘坐在他旁边。
Theres a dog lying on the floor.地上躺着一条狗。
There was a railway stretching between the two cities.两座城市间有一条铁路。
Theres a piano standing against the wall.靠墙有一架钢琴。
Therere a lot of difficulties facing us.我们面前有很多困难。
There were many things to be done.有很多事情要做。
What was there to be afraid of?有什么可怕的？
Theres nothing to be ashamed of.没有什么值得羞愧的。
There are a dozen reasons why I must leave.我有种种理由要离开。
He felt there must be something wrong.他感到准有什么问题。
There may be another demonstration tonight.今晚可能又有一次示威游行。
There could be no doubt that he was one of the best masters in Paris.毫无疑问他是巴黎最优秀的画家之一。
There might still be hope.可能还有希望。
There ought to be a comma here.这儿应有一个逗号。
There shouldnt be any doubt about it.对此不应有什么怀疑。
Is there going to be a meeting tonight?今天晚上有会吗？
Theres to be a concert in the park tonight.今晚公园里有一场音乐会。
There used to be a cinema here before the war.战前这儿是有一座电影院的。
Uncle Jesse why do there have to be poor people like those?杰西叔，为什么一定要有他们那样的穷人？
There appeared to be a war between his heart and his mind.他的心和脑之间似乎有一场战争。
There doesnt seem to have been any difficulty over the money problem.在钱的问题上似乎没有什么困难。
Theres sure to be a place for him somewhere.在什么地方准有他容身之地。
There are unlikely to be any problems with the timetable.在时间表方面不大可能会有什么问题。
There happened to be a man walking by.恰好有一个人从旁经过。
There is expected to be an announcement about the project next week.预计下星期将宣布一件关于这项工程的事。
There seems little doubt that he is insane.几乎毫无疑问，他神经不正常。
Once upon a time there lived a man by the name of Joe Beef.许多年前，这里住着一个名叫乔比夫的人。
There came a knock at the door.有人敲门。
There remained just twentyeight pounds.只剩二十八英镑了。
There comes a time when you have to make a choice.你必须作出抉择的时候到了。
There followed a flood of indignation in the newspaper.之后报上是一阵愤怒的声音。
There will follow an interval of five minutes.接着将有五分钟的休息时间。
aat the top of the hill there stands an old temple.在小山顶上有一座古庙。
Beside them there curls up a twist of blue smoke.在它们旁边升起一缕青烟。
From his hands there dangles a shiny new briefcase.他手上拎着一个发亮的崭新的公文包。
In the distance there was heard again the lowing of the cattle.远处再次听到牛的叫声。
In recent years there has been produced more food than the country needs.最近几年生产了超过国家需要的粮食。
bOne night there flew over the city a little swallow.有一天夜里一只小燕子从城市上空飞过。
There sprang from the audience a cry of indignation.从观众中发出一阵愤怒的吼叫声。
There was no knowing how long he might be away.没法知道他会离开多久。
There was no telling when she would be back.没法知道她什么时候回来。
There was no arguing with her.没法和她争辩。
Hes badtempered and selfish there is no denying it.他脾气暴躁又很自私，这是不容否认的。
There was no mistaking his intentions.他的用心是非常明显的。
Once you let him start talking theres no stopping him.一旦你让他开始讲话，就没法让他停止。
狭义的谓语主要指动词，不包括宾语和状语。我们这里讨论的谓语是指狭义的谓语。
Time flies!时间飞逝！
I know him.认识他。
She does well at school.她在学校学习很好。
He doesnt live here now.他现在不在这里住。
Ill take care of him.我来照顾他。
They have been working on the project for many years.这项研究工作他们已经进行许多年了。
Weve long been hoping to visit your country.我们一直盼望访问贵国。
The case is being investigated.案子正在调查。
I would like to say a few words in this regard.关于这问题我想说几句。
He has fallen in love with her.他爱上她了。
Ill have it out with him.我将和他谈清楚这件事。
How did things turn out?情况最后怎样？
They cried out against the idea.他们极力反对这个意见。
Our house gives on to the lake.我们的房子俯瞰着那座湖。
Im running up against problems.我遇到了问题。
另可参见第300、305节中的例句。
aCan you speak French?你会讲法语吗？
You may go now.你现在可以走了。
We must be careful.我们一定要小心。
You neednt worry.你不必发愁。
She darent come to see you.她不敢来见你。
You shouldnt have opened her letter.你是不应该拆她的信的。
bThey ought to have stopped at the traffic lights.在交通灯前，他们是应当停一停的。
We used to work in the same department.我们过去是在同一个部门工作的。
She didnt have to go there in person.她不必亲自去。
They arent going to make any concessions.他们不准备做任何让步。
Weve got to be on guard against such people.对这种人我们必须警惕。
Do you happen to know her telephone number?你碰巧知道她的电话号码吗？
She doesnt seem to like the idea.她似乎不太喜欢这个想法。
He is said to know many language.据说他懂得许多语言。
How did you get to know him?你怎么认识他的？
The managing director turned out to be a young woman.那位总经理原来是一位年轻女子。
We are likely to fall behind.我们很可能会落后。
They were forced to work long hours.他们被迫长时间干活。
We were made to pay very heavy rents.我们被迫交很高的地租。
They are expected to over fullfill their task.估计他们会超额完成任务。
She was often heard to sing this song.人们常常听见她唱这支歌。
He was seen to enter the building.有人看见他走进大楼。
He was found lying on the floor.人们发现他躺在地上。
Im sorry youve been kept waiting.对不起让你久等了。
Ann seems happy.安似乎很快乐。
The girl felt cold.女孩感到很冷。
He grew impatient.他变得不耐烦起来。
She looked quite calm.她看起来很镇静。
He turned pale at the words.听了这些话他脸色变得苍白。
The soup tasted horrible.汤难吃极了。
The milk smells sour.牛奶有酸味。
You appeared all right when I left.我走时你还显得很好的。
His face remained expressionless.他的脸上仍然没有表情。
Our dreams have at last come true.我们的梦想终于实现了。
The little pond ran dry.小水塘干涸了。
Please keep quiet.请保持安静。
The shop stays open till seven oclock.商店营业到七点。
His advice did prove sound.他的劝告的确证明是对的。
It was cloudy this morning but it turned out fine.今早天阴，后来天气变好了。
关于系动词，详见第23节。
He flushed crimson with anger.他气得满脸通红。
He blushed crimson with embarrassment when she kissed him.当她吻他时，他不好意思得满脸通红。
This material has worn thin.这料子已磨得很薄了。
The snow lay thick on the ground.地上铺着一层厚厚的雪。
The prisoner broke free.那犯人越狱逃跑了。
One of the tigers broke loose.有一只老虎从笼子里跑出来了。
His promise rang false to me.他的诺言听起来不诚恳。
She sat silent in the corner.她静静地坐在一个角落里。
The day dawned misty and overcast.这天天亮时，雾气很重，天上布满乌云。
They parted the best of friends.他们分手时已是最好的朋友了。
She suffered a great deal in her life but died a rich woman.她一生受了许多苦，但死时却很富有。
也有些语法学家把这种结构称为双谓语double predicate，意思是它们包含两个谓语。
aThe door was painted yellow.门漆成了黄色。
The curtains were dyed purple.窗帘染成了紫色。
He was found dead in the morning.早晨发现他已死了。
They are considered underpaid.人们认为他们工资偏低。
He has never been called reactionary before.以前从来没人说他反动过。
He was thought stupid to do that.他这样做人们认为是愚蠢的。
bThe province was named Normandy.这个省被称为诺曼底。
The child was christened James.孩子洗礼时取名詹姆斯。
He has been appointed an ambassador to Peru.他被任命为驻秘鲁大使。
This cant be considered a satisfactory solution.这不能认为是一个令人满意的解决办法。
Newton was made President of the Royal Society.牛顿被任命为皇家协会的会长。
He is regarded as the best doctor in town.他被认为是本城最好的医生。
What nationality is this man?这人是哪国人？
Now she looked a grownup young woman.现在她看起来已是一个成年的女青年了。
Seventyfour! You dont look it.七十四啦！你看起来可不像。
Oh thats nothing.啊，这没事。
Shes now twentytwo.现在她二十二岁了。
Youll be the first to speak.你将第一个发言。
The children mustnt go hungry.孩子们不能挨饿。
She looked nervous and apologetic.她显得紧张而又带着歉意。
The years sales figures are quite encouraging.今年的销售数字很令人鼓舞。
Where is George Washington buried?乔治华盛顿葬在哪里？
Her hobby is painting.她的爱好是画画。
His first job had been selling computers.他的第一份工作是出售电脑。
My plan was to go from Egypt to India.我的计划是从埃及到印度。
All you have to do is to listen.你只需要听。
Shell be along in a minute.她一会儿就来了。
Hes down with bronchitis.他患了气管炎。
They are twice the size of chickens.它们比鸡大一倍。
That would be a great weight off my mind.这回了却我一大件心事。
This is where our basic interest lies.这是我们的根本利益所在。
Sophias idea was that they should lock up the house.索菲娅的想法是把房子锁起来。
Its becoming a pretty serious problem.这正在成为一个相当严重的问题。
It looks a lovely house.它看起来是一幢漂亮的房子。
It might prove the best plan.它可能证明是最好的计划。
We can remain friends.我们可以继续做朋友。
It seems to me a very marvellous book.我看它是一本非常出色的书。
He didnt want to appear a fool.他不想显得像傻瓜。
It sounds a very bad poem to me.我听起来它是一首很差的诗。
He fell a victim to her charms.他成了她魅力的受害者。
He turned traitor.他成了叛徒。
It turned out a disaster.它最后成了一场灾害。
He felt a stranger in the house.在这房子里他感到自己是个陌生的人。
After a while he began to feel himself again.过了一会儿他开始感到自然了。
He is somebody in his own town but just a nobody here.他在他家乡还算是一个人物，在这儿却什么也不是。
Its something to be home again without an accident.平安无事的回到家里是不简单的。
His latest play is nothing.他最近出的那个剧本毫无价值。
Money isnt everything.金钱不是一切。
Thats all I want to know.这就是我想知道的一切。
Who is it? Its me.是谁？是我。
Hold the ladder for methats it.给我扶住梯子就这样。
The car is not itself this morning.这辆车今天不正常不好使。
We are many they are few.我们是多数，他们是少数。
关于这种结构，还可参阅第172节。
aIts thoroughly relaxing sitting here.坐在这里，非常使人轻松。
Foreign press reports are rather confusing.外国的新闻报道使人有些糊涂。
His views are shocking to me.他的观点令我震惊。
The dog has been missing for three days.狗已经丢了三天了。
His work is disappointing.他的工作令人失望。
This interruption is annoying.这种干扰使人生气。
When we reached the hotel her condition was still more alarming.到达旅馆时，她的情况更使人惊慌。
bPlease be seated!请坐好！
Be prepared!大家准备好！
Im nearly finished.我差不多干完了。
His job was gone.他的工作丟了。
My father has been retired for over ten years.我父亲已退休十几年了。
He was so intoxicated he could not walk.他醉得不能走路了。
Shes alarmed that youre going abroad.你要出国她很惊慌。
这些分词现在很多都已变成形容词，不过它们仍具有原动词的意思。
关于分词作表语，另可参阅第144及149节。
aShe seemed to be lacking in enthusiasm.她似乎缺乏热情。
The theory sounds convincing.这理论听起来很有说服力。
She remained standing for quite a while.她站了好一会儿。
The food smells inviting.菜香诱人。
The wheat crop looks promising.小麦收成看来不错。
We got talking and didnt notice the time.我们聊起来忘了时间。
bThe manager appeared taken aback.经理显得很吃惊。
Christine had grown attached to her.克里斯廷变得喜欢她了。
I got dressed as quickly as I could.我尽快穿好衣服。
At last the truth became known.最后真相大白了。
Jason seemed both angry and disturbed.杰森似乎很气愤很不安。
She felt insulted.她感觉受到了侮辱。
Harrys father told him to stay put until he came back.哈利的父亲让他呆着不动直到他回来。
It being Saturday scarce a soul was about.这天是星期六，附近几乎没有一个人。
He knew his father was around somewhere.他知道他父亲在附近什么地方。
In terms of economic strength she is far behind.就经济力量说，它远远落后。
Is it above or below?它在上面还是在下面？
Tell Mr. Gray to wait; I shall be in a few moments.让格雷先生等一等，我一会儿就回来。
I havent been out much these days.近来我没出去太多。
His talk was over it was time for him to be off.他的报告结束了，他该走了。
Hell be round in the morning.他早上会过来。
The temperature is up 10 degree today.今天气温上升了十度。
关于这种用法，另可参阅第304节。
He knew what he was about.他知道他在干什么。
As a scholar he is far above me.作为学者，他远在我之上。
This is against my principles.这是违反我的原则的。
He is behind the others in ability.他在能力上比别人差。
The Dead Sea is below sea level.死海在海平面以下。
All these strawberries are for you.这些草莓都是给你的。
She was from Yorkshire.她是约克郡人。
My house is off the main road.我的房子就在大路旁边不远处。
Who is over you in your new job?你接任新工作后谁是你的上司？
The pain was almost past bearing.疼痛几乎无法忍受。
Are you through with your work yet?你的工作干完了吗？
Im under Dr. Browns treatment.我正由布朗医生治疗。
Richies with his mother for the summer.里奇和他妈妈一道度暑假。
Its within three miles of a station.它离一个火车站还不到三英里。
His face was without expression.他的脸上毫无表情。
关于这种用法，另可参阅第299节。
The fact is that they are cross with each other.事实是他们生彼此的气。
My idea is that we should start making preparations right now.我的意见是我们马上就开始作准备工作。
His only thought was that she might do something desperate.他唯一的想法是她可能做出不顾后果的事。
The reason was that you dont trust her.原因是你不信任她。
Your greatest fault is that you think too much of yourself.你最大的缺点是过多想到自己。
What surprised me was that she knew so much about China.使我吃惊的是她对中国有这么深的了解。
Thats how I look at it.这是我对这问题的看法。
Thats why I object to the plan.这就是我反对这个计划的原因。
Thats where you are wrong.这就是你不对的地方。
The question is what we should do next.问题是我们下一步该怎么办。
The problem is who can be sent to replace him.问题是能派谁去顶替他。
Thats what I want to stress.这是我想强调的。
Thats what we are here for.我们来这里就为了这个。
Fame and personal gain is what theyre after.他们追求的是名利。
He is no longer what he was.他已经不是以前的他了。
关于表语从句，另可参阅第177节。
The theory put forward by these scientists is perfectly sound.这些科学家提出的理论是完全正确的。
The questions raised by Mr. White are very important.怀特先生提出的问题很重要。
The building among the trees is our public library.树丛中的房子是我们的公共图书馆。
Growing flowers is no easy job.养花不容易。
Smoking cigarettes is hazardous to your health.吸烟危害健康。
That we have made amazing achievements is an undeniable fact.我们取得了惊人的成就是不容否认的事实。
Senior citizens means people over sixty.年长公民指六十岁以上的人。
The iron and steel industry plays an important part in our national economy.钢铁工业在国民经济中起重要作用。
The food and the textile industry depend mainly on agriculture for raw material.粮食工业和纺织工业主要靠农业提供原料。
To try and fail is better than not to try at all.尝试而失败也比不尝试好。
To mean to do something and to actually do something are two different things.打算做一件事和实际上做一件事完全是两回事。
An iron and steel works with several satellite factories is being built in the city.这座城市正在修建一座钢铁厂，和几家卫星工厂。
An expert together with some assistants was sent there to help in the work.一位专家，带着几个助手，被派到那里帮助工作。
Justice as well as the law demands that these bandits be severely punished.正义和法律都要求严惩这些匪徒。
No one but myself knows what really happened.除了我，没有人知道发生了什么情况。
Everybody except you is down on me.除了你，大家都看不起我。
Each of the houses is painted a different colour.每栋房子都漆成不同颜色。
Somebody wants to see you.有人要见你。
Has anybody anything more to say?还有谁有话要说？
Theres nobody in the room.房里没有人。
Theres really nothing to be said.的确无话可说。
Everybody praises the film.人人都称赞这部电影。
Everything was ready.一切都准备好了。
Both of them were men of the highest position in England.他们两个人都是英国最高地位的人。
All of them were ruthlessly suppressed.他们所有的人都受到无情的镇压。
Many of us were too tired to go further.我们很多人都累得不能再往前走了。
Few of them are any good.它们中间很少是好的。
So all is going well.因此一切都进展顺利。
Some of the milk has turned sour.有些牛奶酸了。
Theres little to be done about it.对此没有什么办法可想。
Is Are there any?还有些几个吗？
Give me some if there is are any.如果还有一些几个，给我一些。
Neither of us is are happy about the situation.我们两人谁对这形势都感到不快。
None of my friend has have been invited to the party.我的朋友一个也全没有被邀请参加晚会。
Cattle are grazing on the pasture.牛群在草场上吃草。
The poultry are being fed.家禽正在喂食。
The police are looking for him.警察在搜寻他。
The military have surrounded the building.军人包围了大楼。
The crew are paid to do the work on the ship.船员是被雇在船上工作的。
Most bacteria grow best in slightly acid medium.多数细菌在略带酸性的介质中生长得最好。
The media is covering the presidential election thoroughly.媒体详细地报道了总统选举的情况。
The schools teaching staff is are excellent.学校的教师素质极好。
The enemy is are retreating.敌军正在撤退。
A company of travellers are is expected to arrive soon.一伙游客预计即将到来。
The jury is are about to announce the winners.裁判团即将宣布优胜者名单。
The local council is are in charge of repairing roads.地方政务会负责维修道路。
The data is are correct.这些资料数据是正确的。
The plays cast was given a standing ovation.剧组演员受到观众起立鼓掌。
The opposition was quick to reply to the charge.反对党立即回应这项指控。
The entire community is behind the appeal.整个社区都支持这项呼吁。
My trousers are torn.我的裤子破了。
Hundreds of people are going to the demonstration.成百上千的人将参加示威游行。
Thousands of pounds have been spent on the new hospital.在这家新医院上花了成千上万英镑的钱。
The first two years have been very successful.头两年很成功。
The other four are masterpieces.另外四张都是杰作。
Ten years is a long time.十年是很长时间。
90 miles an hour is much too fast.时速九十英里太快。
Two hundred pounds is a lot of spend on a dress.在一件衣服上花两百英镑未免太多了。
Forty miles is a long way to walk in a day.一天走四十英里路太多了。
Mathematics is a compulsory subject at school.数学是学校的必修课。
Billiards is becoming more and more popular.打台球的人越来越多。
Measles is a contagious disease.麻疹是有传染性的疾病。
Phonetics is the science of sounds made in speech.语音学是语言声音的科学。
A crossroads is a place where roads cross.十字路口是两条路交叉的地方。
Mumps are is fairly rare in adults.成年人患腮腺炎的相当少。
Their headquarters are is in New York.他们的总部在纽约。
Either Tim or his brothers have to shovel the snow.不是蒂姆就是他兄弟们得去铲雪。
Either the shirts or the sweater is a good buy.要么是衬衫，要么是那件绒衣是便宜货。
Neither John nor the two sisters know the answer.约翰和两姐妹都不知道答案。
Neither you nor she is wholly right.你和她都不全对。
There was a bed and a big wardrobe.有一张床和一个大衣柜。
There were two apple trees and a pear tree.有两株苹果树和一棵梨树。
Here is a pencilbox and a few pencils for you.这儿给你一个铅笔盒和几支铅笔。
Here are my replies to your questions.这儿是我对你问题的回答。
There were only one or two chaps there.那儿只有一两个人。
In addition to them there were Dalby and Mrs. Dalby.除了他们，还有戴尔比和戴尔比夫人。
Where is your wife and children to stay while you are away?你不在时，你妻子和孩子们住哪里？
Is your sister and her husband coming to join us?你妹妹和你妹夫会来参加我们的活动吗？
In the trunk was found a pen a few suits of clothes and two books.在大箱子里发现一支笔、几套衣和两本书。
No one except his own supporters agree with him.除了他的支持者没有人同意他的意见。
One in ten are expected to take part in the contests.预计十个人就有一个参加比赛。
White and brown sugar are both acceptable for this recipe.做这种点心白糖红糖都可以。
The shortterm and the longterm loan are handled differently.短期贷款和长期贷款处理方法不同。
Ill take care of them.我来照顾他们。
I came across Jane in the supermarket.我在超级市场碰见简了。
关于这种结构，可参阅第161至164节。
关于双宾动词，可参阅第169及170节。
关于复合宾语，可参阅第179至185节。
Show your boarding cards please.请出示登机证。
May I have your attention please.请大家注意。
Do you want anything to drink?你要喝什么吗？
I want a little.我要一点。
I need two.我需要两个。
They laid off onethird of their workers.他们临时解雇了三分之一的工人。
Take the injured to hospital immediately.立即把伤员送往医院。
Respect the old and cherish the young.敬老爱幼。
We avoided talking about the subject.我们避免谈这个话题。
She enjoyed being praised.她喜欢人赞扬。
He offered to carry my bags.他主动要帮我提行李。
Hope to see you soon.希望不久能见到你。
Youll find the pain easing up in a few hours.几个钟头后你就会发现疼痛减轻了。
Ill have my lungs Xrayed.我要把肺部透视一下。
See that everything is ready by ten.设法把一切在十点钟前准备好。
Did you write down what she said?她说的话你都记下来了吗？
关于动名词及不定式作宾语的情况，可参阅第132、139、165和166节。
He said waltzes made him dizzy.他说华尔兹舞使他头晕。
She had proved them all wrong.她证明他们全错了。
He appointed her Secretary of State.他任命她为国务卿。
They call this numerical control.他们把这称作数字控制。
He told me to be cautious.他要我谨慎。
I often saw him do this.我常常看到他这样做。
He saw two men fighting in the street.他看见两个人在街上打架。
Ill get your blood tested.我让人给你验一下血。
I found her in excellent condition.我发现她处于极佳状态。
You wont find him in at this time.这时候你不会在家里找到他。
We must keep the room clean.我们要把房间保持干净。
Why dont you dye it deep blue?你何不把它染成深蓝色？
We found the story very instructive.我们发现这个故事很有教育意义。
I hope to see you well soon.希望你早日康复。
At two oclock the chairman declared the meeting open.两点钟主席宣布开会。
Theyre driving me crazy.他们都要使我发疯了。
Do you like your tea weak or strong?你喜欢茶淡一点还是浓一点？
They knocked him unconscious.他们把他打得失去知觉。
关于这类结构可参阅第179节。
Youll find it a difficult book.你会发现它是一本难懂的书。
We consider that a downright lie.我们认为这是彻头彻尾的谎言。
We must keep it a secret.我们必须对此保密。
The President nominated her his representive at the conference.总统任命她为代表出席这次会议。
Everyone called her Liza.大家都把她叫作丽莎。
She fancied herself a fairy.她幻想自己是一个仙女。
关于这类结构可参阅第180节。
Tell him to be more careful.让他再细心一点。
Cyril preferred her not to come.希列尔宁愿她不来。
They encouraged us to air our views.他们鼓励我们提出看法。
Try and get more people to help in the work.设法找更多的人来帮忙。
His daughters pressed Shelley to join them.他的女儿们敦促雪莱参加她们的活动。
That will compel us to use force.那将迫使我们使用武力。
aYou consider that to be important?你认为这很重要？
I imagine him to be about thirty.我揣想他三十左右。
She supposed him to be away from home.她认为他不在家。
They believed her to be innocent.他们相信她是无辜的。
I know her to be a liar.我知道她是一个说假话的人。
The book has shown him to be a firstrate novelist.这本书表明他是一位一流的小说家。
bThere was no reason for supposing anything to have happened to her.没有理由认为她发生了什么事。
I believed it to have been a mistake.我相信这是一个错误。
They know him to have been a spy.他们知道他过去当过间谍。
These letters show him to have been a lovable character.这些信表明他是一个可爱的人物。
I suspect him to have done it.我怀疑这是他干的。
They thought her to be working in the library.他们以为她在图书馆工作。
What makes you tremble so?什么使你这样发抖？
I wont have you blame it on me!我不能让你把这怪在我头上！
I heard him come in last night.我昨夜听见他进来的。
Ive never seen you look so well before.我从未看见你气色这样好过。
Aziz watched him go with amazement.阿齐兹惊讶地望着他走掉。
We cant let this go on.我们不能让这个情况继续下去。
We called on the students to support her.我们号召学生支持她。
They finally prevailed upon her to play the piano.他们最后劝说了她弹奏钢琴。
I think we can count on the girls to support us.我想我们可以指望姑娘们支持我们。
The guide motioned to me to be silent.导游作手势让我不要讲话。
She pleaded with the officer not to give her a ticket.她恳求警官别给她罚款单。
He waited for it to be light.他等候天亮。
关于不定式构成的复合宾语，可参阅第183节。
They found her working at the lathe.他们发现她在开车床。
I could smell trouble coming.我可以嗅到麻烦要来临。
She could feel her heart beating violently.她可以感到自己的心脏在猛烈跳动。
His behaviour set people talking.他的行为引起人议论。
Keep the fire burning.让火着着。
We all tried to stop him smoking in bed.我们都设法阻止他在床上抽烟。
They are determined to make their voices heard.他们决心让别人听到他们的呼声。
He found his window smashed.他发现他的窗子被砸碎。
Youd better had your blood tested.你最好去验一下血。
The chairman declared the meeting adjourned.主席宣布休会。
I dont want my daughter taken out after dark.我不愿意我女儿天黑了被人带出去。
He felt himself attracted by the idea.他感到自己被这想法所吸引。
关于这类结构可参阅第184及185节。
aMake yourselves at home everybody.大家请随便一点。
I hoped to find her in better health.我希望她身体再好一点。
I must set my affairs in order.我必须把我的事情整顿一下。
His townsmen held him in great honor.同城的人都很尊敬他。
bIm having some friends over for bridge tonight.今晚我有几个朋友过来打桥牌。
Ill ask her out this Saturday evening.我将于星期六晚上邀请她出来。
Im counting on you to help me through.我指靠你帮助我渡过难关。
She turned the light on off.她把灯打开关上。
关于这类结构，可参阅第181及182节。
aDo you have any objection to children reading such books?你反对孩子们看这类书吗？
With winter coming on its time to buy warm clothes.随着冬天到来，该买暖和衣裳了。
She sat with her head bent.她低着头坐着。
Without another word exchanged they started off.没有再交谈一句，他们就出发了。
bI wouldnt care for that man to be my doctor.我不愿意要那个人做我的医生。
The simplest thing is for him to resign.最简单的办法是他辞职。
Without anyone to help how can we go on?没有人帮忙，我们怎么能进行下去？
I cant go out with all these dishes to wash.有这么多盘子要洗，我不能出去。
cHe was asleep with his head on his arms.他头枕着手臂睡着了。
With John away weve got more room.约翰不在了，我们的地方多一点了。
Why did you go out without your coat on?你怎么不穿大衣就出去了？
Did you see the snake?Yes I saw it.你看到蛇了吗？我看到了。
I made a cake. I made it for you.我做了一个蛋糕，是为你做的。
Where is my map? I left it on the desk.我的地图在哪里？我放在你桌上了。
How about the baby? Ill take care of it.宝宝怎么办？我来照顾。
He smokes in bed and I dont like it.他在床上抽烟，我不喜欢他这样。
We promised to stand together so we got to do it.我们答应互相支持，因此我们就得这样做。
If I can stop her coming to you I shall do it.如果我能阻止她找你，我会这样做。
Youve saved my life: I shall never forget it.你救过我的命，我永远不会忘记。
I find it easy to get on with her.我发现她很容易相处。
He thought it best to be on his guard.他认为最好保持警惕。
He felt it his duty to mention the fact to her.他感到有责任向她提及此事。
He makes it a rule to give short speeches.他规定自己讲短话。
I think it best that you should stay here.我认为你最好住这儿。
I take it youve been out.我猜你出去了。
I have it on my conscience that I offended you.我得罪了你，我心里过意不去。
He soon made it clear why he had asked for a conference.他很快表明为什么要求召开会议。
They havent made it known where they are to hold the conference.他们还没宣布会议在哪里开。
I think it very unwise going on as we are without a definite agreement.我认为像我们这样继续下去而没有明确的协议是不明智的。
The last trains gone. Well have to foot it.最后一班车开走了，我们只好步行了。
He escaped and tramped it home working at odd jobs.他逃了出来，沿路做零工，像流浪汉似地回到家里。
Dont let them lord it over you.不要让他们把你当下人看待。
If you go camping youll have to rough it.如果你去露营，你就得过艰苦的生活。
Finally he legged it back to camp.最后他跑回营地了。
When I see him Ill have it out with him.我见到他时我将和他谈清楚。
Well make a day of it.我们要玩一整天。
Hang it all we cant wait all day for him.妈的，我们也不能整天等他。
Im feeling rather off it today.今天我感到相当不舒服。
She saw that he was sleeping.她看见他在睡觉。
She said that she didnt want to know.她说她不想知道。
He answered that he was from Austria.他说他是奥地利人。
I suggested that it was time to leave.我提出该走了。
We learnt from his letter that he was in Spain.从他的信里我们了解到他在西班牙。
We intended that you should be invited.我们是打算邀请你的。
有些动词后的连词that常可省略，如believe，think，suppose，presume，在say，see，know，hear，propose，understand和be told等动词后连词that可以用，也可以不用，但在大多数情况下仍以不省略为好，特别是在书面语中。
I dont think shes interested in such activities.我想她对这种活动没有兴趣。
She didnt believe she would ever see him again.她相信她不再会见到他。
I dont suppose he cares does he?我看他不在乎，是吗？
He doesnt expect we need worry.他认为我们不必着急。
I dont feel thats right.我认为这是不对的。
I dont imagine they will come if it rains.我想如果下雨他们不会来。
I dont think we need waste much time on it.我想我们不必在这上面花太多时间。
We didnt think wed be this late.我们没想到我们会到得这么晚。
I dont suppose Ill trouble you again.我想我不要再麻烦你了。
Dont suppose that is your fault.不要认为这是你的错。
You may depend upon it that they are valuable.你可以放心它们是很珍贵的。
He doesnt want it to be known that hes going away.他不想让人知道他要离开。
I have heard it that theyve won two gold medals.我听说他们赢了两块金牌。
Robert has seen to it that all the little leaks were shut off.罗伯特已负责让所有的小漏洞都堵上。
关于这类宾语从句，可参阅第167节。
He asked me where I was going.他问我到哪儿去。
She inquired how we were getting on.她问我们情况怎样。
He wanted to know why we were so late.他想知道为什么我们来得这么晚。
I wonder whats happened.我想知道发生了什么事。
Only you can decide which one suits you best.只有你能决定哪一个最适合你。
Can you see what the sign says?你能看清招牌上写的是什么吗？
I dont remember what he looked like.我记不起他是什么样子了。
I cant think what his name is.我想不起他叫什么名字了。
I didnt know whether they liked the place.我不知道他们是否喜欢这个地方。
Ill see whether I can induce him to accept it.我要看看我是否能劝他接受。
I asked her whether she agreed.我问她是否同意。
He enquired if her parents spoke Spanish.他问她父母是否讲西班牙语。
I wonder if its large enough.我不知道它是否够大。
She didnt say if he was still alive.她没说他是否还活着。
It all depends on whether we can get their cooperation.这得看我们是否能得到他们的合作。
I worry about whether I hurt her feelings.我为是否伤了她的感情而忧虑。
I want to tell you what I hear.我想把听到的情况告诉你。
He could not express what he felt.他无法表达内心的感受。
She has got what she wanted.她要的东西得到了。
They did what they could to console her.他们尽量安慰她。
Ill do what I can.我将尽力而为。
They thought they could do what they liked with him.他们以为他们可以对他为所欲为。
I dont care about what people call position.我不在乎人们所说的地位。
He gave a description of what he had seen.他描绘了他看到的情况。
Philip was depressed by what he had gone through.他经历的事使菲利浦感到压抑。
He was not happy at what she had said.她说的话使他不高兴。
Whatever he does he does well.他做任何事都做得很好。
Ill do whatever you want me to.你要我做什么我就做什么。
Well do whatever we can to save him.我们将尽我们所能来挽救他。
She had to rely on whatever books she could find there.她不得不依靠她在那里能找到的书。
Ill take whichever books you dont want.你不要的任何书我都要。
Take whichever seat you like.你要坐哪个座就坐哪个座位。
Give it to whomever whoever you like.你把它爱给谁就给谁。
Im afraid fear I have made a serious mistake.我担心我犯了严重错误。
We are sure know for sure that we shall succeed.我们有把握会成功。
We are confident believe we can overcome these difficulties.我们有信心克服这些困难。
Im not sure dont know for sure where she lives.我不敢肯定她住哪里。
Im not sure whether he still works there.我不能肯定他是否还在那里工作。
Im not certain who he is.我不能肯定他是谁。
She was not certain whether he would come.她不能肯定他是否会来。
I remember I had seen you I said.我记得我见到过你，我说。
Ill take Room 304 he replied.我要304号房间，他回答道。
Lets go I whispered.咱们走吧，我低声说。
We have to go home she told him.我们得回家了，她对他说。
Get out! she screamed.滚出去！她尖叫道。
Jump! shouted the old man.跳！老头嚷道。
It doesnt matter she smiled.她笑着说，没关系。
Darling Max said to her dont say its not possible.亲爱的，麦克斯对她说，不要说这是不可能的。
Perhaps youre right remarked Peter.或许你是对的，彼得说。
I know that replied Mrs Green.这个我知道，格林太太答道。
Mary said she had already seen the film.玛丽说她已看过这部电影。
He replied that he was going by train.他回答说他将坐火车去。
He felt he had to do something.他感到他应采取一点措施。
She guessed that he had gone to town.她猜他进城去了。
He thought she was worried.他认为她很发愁。
She complained that the exam was too difficult.她抱怨考题太难。
He explained that the train wasnt running.他解释说火车停开了。
He claimed that he saw the accident.他声称他亲眼看到这次车祸的。
He told his mother that the boy was very naughty.他告诉他妈那孩子很调皮。
She denied that she had taken my dictionary.她否认她拿走了我的词典。
He says he cant wait another day.他说他一天也不能再等了。
Tell him I am out.告诉他，我出去了。
关于上述几点，还可参阅节7476节。
She said today shed come round again tonight.
He said just now he arrived yesterday morning.
She said shell call me again this evening.
He asked me where I was going.他问我到哪里去。
She asked him whom he wanted to see.她问他想见谁。
I asked how they liked the film.我问他们觉得影片怎样。
I wondered who had taken my computer away.我纳闷谁把我的电脑搬走了。
She enquired what my occupation was.她问我做什么工作。
I dont know what youre talking about.我不知道你在谈什么。
She asked whether the girls were still there.她问姑娘们是否还在哪里。
She asked me whether I agreed with her.她问我是否同意她的意见。
A policeman asked us whether he could be of help.警察问我们他能否帮忙。
Helen asked if everything was going well.海伦问是否一切都顺利。
She asked me if Id slept well.她问我睡得好不好。
She wondered if she might ask me a question.她想知道可否问我一个问题。
He asked me whether Id lived here for many years.他问我是否在这里住了许多年了。
She asked whether we came from the same city.她问我们是不是来自同一城市。
An officer shouted to us to stop talking.一个军官嚷着叫我们不要讲话。
He pleaded with me to go back.他恳求我回去。
I appeal to you to vote against the motion.我呼吁你们投票反对这项动议。
He yelled at her to be careful.他大声叫她当心。
He ordered that the man be released.他命令释放那人。
Someone suggested that they break into small groups.有人建议他们分成小组。
The doctor advised that he change his job.医生劝告他改换工作。
He commanded that the ban be lifted.他命令取消这项禁令。
I think its going to rain.我想要下雨了。
Everybody says shes an intelligent girl.人人都说她是一个聪明的姑娘。
Hell probably say he hasnt seen it.他可能会说他没见到过它。
He explained that he had no money.他解释说他没有钱。
She added that she was waiting for a reply.她补充说她在等候回信。
He said that he had been in hospital for a week.他说他住院一个星期了。
She assured me that she would never be late again.她向我保证她再也不会迟到了。
She says she wants to talk this over with you.她说她要好好和你谈谈这事。
The doctor says youll be all right in a day or two.医生说你一两天就会好。
Tom says that hell never get married.汤姆说他永远不会结婚。
关于这一点可参阅第3839节。
Tom assured us that it wouldnt cost more.汤姆向我们保证价钱不会再贵了。
Bill objected that it would take longer.比尔反对说这会花更长时间。
Jack grumbled that it would cost too much.杰克嘟囔说花钱会太多。
He admitted that it was really his fault.他承认这确实得怪他。
I explained that she would have to stay in bed.我解释说她得卧床休养。
He remembered that he hadnt locked the car.他想起他的车没锁。
She complained that it was too noisy here.她抱怨这儿太吵。
关于哪些动词可跟这类语，可参阅第366节。
The boss wants you to go to the airport to pick up the companys guests. She says youve to take the company car. Ohand she asked me to tell you to phone if there are any flight delays.老板要你到机场去接公司的客人，她说你可以坐公司的车去，啊，还有，她让我告诉你，如果航班有延误，可给她打电话。
She is a responsible girl.她是一个负责任的姑娘。
The girl responsible was expelled.对此负责的姑娘被开除了。
Whose fault is it?这得怪谁？
This could change our lives.这可以改变我们的生活。
She bought two kilos of apples.她买了两公斤的苹果。
Our office is on the 12th floor.我们的办公室在十二楼。
They are going to send a trade delegation to China.他们将派遣一个贸易代表团来中国。
Whats your governments view about it?你们政府对此有何看法？
There is a door leading to the garden.有一座门通往花园。
What do you think of the proposal put forward by the Green Party?绿党提出的建议你觉得如何？
Perhaps in years to come we shall meet again.或许在未来岁月中我们还会相见。
There are a lot of things to be done.有很多事要做。
That has no relation to the matter under discussion.这和讨论的问题没有关系。
Plans for the weekend are still tentative.关于周末的计划还只是初步的。
The scenery up at the lake is just breathtaking.湖上风光令人惊讶。
The buildings around were badly damaged.附近的建筑受到严重损坏。
Is there anything the matter with you?出了什么事吗？
They were mostly welltodo farmers.他们大多数是富裕农民。
There are a number of factors which were to consider.有很多因素我们需要考虑。
This is the only reference book that I find useful.这是我发现的唯一有用的参考书。
All bedrooms in this hotel have hot and cold running water.这家旅馆每间卧室都有冷热自来水。
Its a very convincing example.这是一个非常有说服力的例子。
The village and its surrounding scenery are very pretty.这座村庄和周围的风景十分优美。
Its a boring film.这是一部枯燥乏味的影片。
Its the most exciting news.这是非常激动人心的消息。
It was a pressing meeting and all members had to attend.这是一次紧急会议，所有成员都得参加。
Complete the following sentences.完成下面的句子。
It was a trying situation.这是一个让人伤脑筋的局面。
Ive had some disturbing experience.我有一次令人不安的经历。
People wishing who wish to visit the caves may sign up here.想去参观岩洞的人可以在这里签名。
There are a lot of children needing who need medical attention.有大量儿童需要医疗照顾。
Look at the man sitting who is sitting on the rock.看那个坐在岩石上的人。
There was a long line waiting who were waiting outside the cinema.有长长一行人在电影院外等候。
Here is a map showing which shows you how to get there.这儿有一张地图告诉你怎样到那里去。
I have a book containing which centains the information you need.我有一本书，里面有你需要的资料。
She had a worried look on her face.她脸上有忧愁的表情。
He explained in an agitated manner that it was not for sale.他焦急地解释说这是非卖品。
This is one of our required subjects.这是我们的必修课之一。
She is the daughter of a retired professor.她是一位退休教授的女儿。
They rented a furnished apartment.他们租了一套有家具的房间。
It was a cautiously worded statement.这是一个措词谨慎的声明。
He was a tall powerfully built man.他是一个高个子身材魁梧的人。
They suspected that he was an escaped prisoner.他们疑心他是一名逃犯。
They imported lots of cars which were manufactured in Japan.他们进口了大量日本制造的汽车。
She bought a computer which was produced in Shanghai.她买了一台上海生产的电脑。
What do you think of the play which was put on by the students?学生们演的剧你觉得怎么样？
She is a dancer who was trained in our college.她是我们大学培养的舞蹈演员。
We first saw a documentary which was dubbed in English.我们先看了一部英语配音的纪录片。
It was the first skyscrapter which was designed by our own engineers.它是我国工程师自行设计的第一座摩天大楼。
关于分词作定语的情况，可参阅第145和150节。
I have several letters to write today.我今天有好几封信要写。
There is nothing to be afraid of.没什么可怕的。
I want to get something to read.我想找点东西阅读。
This has given me a lot to think of.这令我深思。
He is not a man to bow before difficulties.他不是向困难低头的人。
She was the first person to think of the idea.她是第一个想出这主意的人。
We need someone to help me with the typing.我需要人帮我打字。
Shes a nice person to work with.她是一个很好共事的人。
Its nothing to be ashamed of.这不是什么让人羞愧的事。
Theres no need to worry at all.完全没有必要发愁。
Its time for him to be off.他该走了。
Weve got to think of a way to explain it.我们得想出办法来解释它。
I have a right to know.我有权知道。
Its a good chance for you to go.这是你去的好机会。
He no longer had opportunity to see much of her.他不再有机会多见到她。
Were starting a movement to clean up the city.我们将开展一场清洁城市的运动。
I had not the courage to tell you.我没有勇气告诉你。
She was quiet for days which were to come.好几天她都很安静。
In the lectures to follow which followed she talked about South Africa.在以后的报告中，她谈到南非的情况。
She was one of the girls who were to be sent to work in Columbia.她是将要派往哥伦比亚工作的姑娘之一。
Do you know anything about the conference which is to be held next week?你对下星期召开的会议有什么了解吗？
She had no time left in which to pack her things.她没有时间收拾行李了。
It was a bad season in which to have outings.这是一个不适合郊游的季节。
关于不定式作定语，可参阅第134节。
Ive read a lot of books about animals.我看了许多关于动物的书。
Hes a genius at maths.他是一位数学天才。
She is the best person for the job.她是做这工作最合适的人选。
Have you seen this article on the Antarctic?这篇关于南极的文章你看过吗？
Theres no business like show business.没有什么行业可以和演艺业相比。
The Xray shows a spot on the lung. X光表明肺上有一个黑斑。
Whos the woman with the green umbrella?打着绿伞的女人是谁？
Hes a man of courage.他是一个勇敢的人。
His absence from school was caused by illness.他缺课是因为生病。
She has a great fear of fire.她非常害怕火。
She could not conceal her eagerness for praise.她不能掩盖她亟想受到赞扬。
How can I express my gratitude for your help?我怎么能表达对你帮助的感激。
He showed great jealousy of their success.对他们的成功他表现出强烈的妒忌。
This showed their loyalty to their convictions.这表现了他们对信仰的忠诚。
His separation from his family made him sad.他离开了自己的家人很伤心。
Ive lost my interest in natural history.我已失去了对自然历史的兴趣。
The house opposite is for sale.对面的房子供出售。
Looking up he saw the light in the window above.他抬头看见上面窗子里的灯。
We had to get off and take the bus behind.我们不得不下车上后面的公共汽车。
Write your name in the place below.把你的名字写在下面的空格处。
They live in the valley beyond.他们住在那边的河谷里。
We are waiting for the up train.我们在等往北开的火车。
Tickets are cheaper during the off season.淡季机票比较便宜。
Theres a new film on at the cinema.电影院在放映一部新影片。
That is the Out Patient Department.这是门诊部。
关于介词短语和副词作定语的情况，可参阅第298和303节。
She wore her sisters skirt.她穿着她姐姐的裙子。
He asked for my cousins address.他要了我表妹的地址。
Jim patted the dogs head.吉姆拍了拍狗的脑袋。
Cuckoos often left their eggs in other birds nests.杜鹃常常把蛋生在别的鸟的窝里。
Whats your governments policy?你们政府的政策如何？
He was the papers editorinchief.他是这家报纸的主编。
I like the cars design.我喜欢这辆汽车的设计。
The citys population is in decline.这座城市的人口在下降。
关于名词作定语，可参阅第205和200节。
这类定语也可称作量词quantifiers。有关这个问题详见第247250节。
The man who told me this refused to tell me his name.告诉我这事的人不肯告诉我他的名字。
I saw something in the paper which might interest you.我在报上看到一样可能使你感兴趣的东西。
He is the man whose car was stolen.他就是汽车被窃的人。
This is the photo that I took.这就是我拍的照片。
这类从句称为限制性定语从句defining attributive clauses，也可称作限制性关系从句defining relative clauses。
The man who stole your car has been arrested.偷你汽车的人已经捕获。
Would anyone who saw the accident please get in touch with the police?请目击这一事故的人与警方联系好吗？
The girl who came this morning is my cousin.今天早上来的姑娘是我的表妹。
Everyone that who knows him likes him.认识他的人都喜欢他。
Is he the man that sells dogs?他就是卖狗的人吗？
The man whom that I saw told me to come here.我见到的人让我到这里来。
The man with whom I travelled that I travelled with couldnt speak English.和我一道旅行的人不会说英语。
The girls who that he employs are always complaining about the pay.他雇佣的女孩子们，老是抱怨她们的工资低。
The man who m that I brought the computer from doesnt own a shop.我向他买电脑的那个人并没有开一家店。
People whose rents have been raised can appeal.房租被提高的人可以上诉。
The film is about a spy whose wife betrays him.电影讲的是一个被妻子出卖的间谍。
aThis is the film which that created a great sensation.这就是那部引起很大轰动的电影。
All the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs.落在地上的苹果都被猪吃了。
bThe book which they sent me is very good.他们寄给我的书非常好。
This is the best hotel that I know.这是我知道的最佳旅馆。
cThis is the pan in which I boiled the milk.这是我煮牛奶的锅。
The agency from which we bought our tickets is bankrupt.卖给我们机票的旅行社破产了。
This is the pan that I boiled the milk in.
The agency that we bought our tickets from is bankrupt.
1994 was the year when he was born.1994是他的出生年。
There are times when such things are necessary.有时候这样的事是必要的。
This is the village where he was born.这就是他出生的村子。
Thats the hotel where we were staying last summer.这就是我们去年夏天住的旅馆。
She didnt tell me the reason why she refused the offer.她没跟我讲她拒绝这项工作的原因。
Give me one reason why we should help you.给我举出一个我们应当帮助你的理由。
Ive invited Diana who lives in the next flat.我邀请了戴安娜，她住在我们隔壁。
My daughter who is in Boston now is coming home next week.我女儿现在在波士顿，下星期回来。
Tom whom everyone suspected turned out to be innocent.人人都怀疑汤姆，结果证明他是无辜的。
Mr. Green for whom I was working was very generous.我给格林先生工作，他很慷慨大方。
Mrs. Gray whose children are in college is trying to get a job.格雷太太的孩子们都在上大学，她想找一份工作。
The visitor whose name was Samuel Box was well pleased with the apartment.那位来访的人名字叫塞缪尔巴克斯，很喜欢这套住房。
The 8:30 train which is usually very punctual was late today.八点半的火车通常是很准时的，今天却晚点了。
She gave me this sweater which she had knitted herself.她给我这件毛衣，这是她自己织的。
aI picked up the peaches some of which were badly bruised.我捡起那些桃子，其中有些已经碰伤了。
Her sons both of whom work abroad rang her up this morning.她的两个儿子都在国外工作，今天早上给她来了电话。
I met the fruitpickers several of whom were university students.我碰到那些摘水果的人，其中有好几个是大学生。
bHis house for which he paid 10000 is now worth 50000.他的房子买的时候他花了一万英镑，现在值五万英镑了。
Ashdown forest through which well be driving isnt a forest any longer.我们将开车穿过阿希顿森林，可是现在它已不再是一座森林了。
This I did at nine oclock after which I sat reading the paper.九点钟时我做这事，之后我坐着看报。
George with whom I played tennis on Sundays was fitter than me.我每星期天都和乔治一道打网球，他的身体比我好。
Peter drove too fast which was dangerous.彼得开车很快，这是很危险的。
Rats ran about the attic all night which kept me awake.阁楼老鼠整夜跑，吵得我睡不着。
He said that he had never seen her before which was not true.他说他从没见到过她，这是不真实的。
He invited us to dinner which was very kind of him.他请我们去吃饭，这是他的好心。
He advised me to hide behind the door which advice I took at once.他劝我躲在门后，我立即照他的话做了。
He believes in public ownership which idea Im quite opposed to.他相信公有制，这个思想我完全反对。
Well put off the picnic until next week when the weather may be better.我们将把野餐推迟到下星期，那时天气可能会好一点儿。
Between the two parts of the concert is an interval when we can buy icecream.音乐会的两部分之间有一段休息时间，这时我们可以去买冰淇淋。
That was in 1949 since when things have been better.那时是1949年，从那以后情况就好些了。
Im off to St. James Park where I have to give a lecture on the theatre.我现在到圣詹姆斯公园去，在那里我得做一个关于戏剧的报告。
Barbary was working in Aubury where she went daily in a bus，巴巴拉在奥伯里工作，每天得坐公共汽车去上班。
We went up to the roof from where we had a good view of the procession.我们爬上屋顶，从那儿可以很好地观看游行。
关于定语从句，可参阅第229232及280节。
Such women as knew Tom thought he was charming.那些认识汤姆的女人都认为他很迷人。
He is not such a fool as he looks.他并不像他看起来那么傻。
I never heard such stories as he tells.我从未听过他讲的这种故事。
He never remembered to have such weariness as he felt now.他不记得过去曾有过他现在的这种疲惫的感觉。
Then I left it feeling a weight at my heart such as I had never had before.然后我离开那里，心头感到一种前所未有的沉重情绪。
We had hoped to give you a chance such as nobody else ever had.我们本来希望给你一个别人从未有过的机会。
There was a look of fear in her eyes such as people have when they are suddenly awakened.她眼睛里有一种人们突然被唤醒时产生的恐惧表情。
You must show my wife the same respect as you show me.你必须对我妻子表现出与对我同样的敬重。
My stand on this is just the same as it was four years ago.我对这问题的立场仍和四年前一样。
She knew he felt just the same as she did.她知道他的感受和她一样。
Sophia was not unconscious as could be judged from her eyes.索菲娅并未失去知觉，这从她的眼睛里可以看出。
He is absent as is often the case.他缺席了，他经常这样。
Freddie as might be expected was attending the conference.弗雷迪在参加会议，这是可以预料到的。
Not a man but had tears in his eyes.没有人眼中没有眼泪。
There are very few but admire his talents.很少人不佩服他的才能。
Surely there isnt a mother but faces this problem.肯定的，没有一个母亲不面临这个问题。
这一用法已比较陈旧，现在这样用的人不多了。
This is a way whereby by which you can learn quickly.这是一个可用来快速学习的办法。
He has an arrangement whereby a car is available.他有一种安排，使他有车可用。
He got into a situation wherein in which it is hard to decide what is right and wrong.他陷入一种难以分辨是非的局面。
He insulted her whereupon  after which she slapped him.他侮辱了她，为此她打了他一记耳光。
这些都是比较文气的说法，在口语中很少用到。
This is my friend Harry.这是我的朋友哈利。
The book was written by the Russian novelist Turgenev.这本书是俄国小说家屠格涅夫写的。
We teachers should be responsible for it.我们老师应对此负责。
它和前面的词紧密相连，中间不能停顿。
This is Mr. Johnson director of the health centre.这是约翰逊先生，他是医疗中心的主任。
They are going to visit Tsingtao a summer resort in northern China.他们准备访问中国北方的避暑胜地青岛。
The layout plan was completed within three months half the usual time.设计图在三个月内就完成了，只使用了通常的一半时间。
We have everything we need: land funds and technology.我们需要的一切，土地、资金、技术，我们都有了。
多数的同位语都属于后一类。
aWe both come from Hunan.我们两人都是湖南人。
We all have our limitations.我们都有局限性。
They each put forward a proposal.他们每人提出了一个建议。
We none of us said anything.我们谁也没说什么。
bYou may leave it to us two.你可把这事交给我们两个人。
You three take these seats.你们三个人坐这里。
An example is Song Xiangyu now 66 who has been here for 40 years.一个例子就是宋祥玉，现年六十六岁，他在这里已经四十年了。
People old and young took to the streets to watch the parade.老老少少的人都走上街头来观看游行。
The slopes bare six years ago are now covered with three million fruit trees.这些山坡，六年前还光秃秃的，现在却种上了三百万棵果树。
Selfless and anxious to help others he led a simple life and worked with application.他毫无私心，乐于助人，过着简朴的生活，勤奋地工作。
Full of youthful vigour he was diligent and modest.他充满活力，勤奋而又谦虚。
These methods systematically summarized are now being popularized in the whole country.这些方法，经过系统总结，正在全国推广。
Xiaoyan normally a timid girl argued heatedly with them about it.小燕平常是一个腼腆的姑娘，现在却热烈地和他们辩论此事。
It has several waiting rooms all airy and filled with soft chairs and sofas.它有几个候车室，空气新鲜，放满软椅和长沙发。
Always a conscientious worker Bill now took even more interest in the job.比尔一向是个办事认真的人，现在对工作的兴趣更大了。
Formerly worker himself he was now an engineer.他以前是工人，现在当了工程师了。
Middleaged tall and thin he looked a typical farmer.他是中年人，痩高个儿，看起来是个典型的农民。
They visited eight cities for example Paris and Berlin.他们访问了八座城市，例如巴黎和柏林。
Many people including the department head are against the idea.许多人，包括系主任，都反对这个意见。
The children like the animals particularly the monkeys.孩子们都喜欢那些动物，特别是猴子。
I want very much to see these films especially the one you mentioned.我很想看这些电影，特别是你提到的那一部。
The means of production namely factories mines and land were owned by the state.生产工具，也就是说工厂、矿山和土地都属国家所有。
My best friend that is to say Anna was here last night.我最要好的朋友，也就是安娜，昨天晚上在这里。
I received a message that she would be late.我得到的信息说她可能晚到。
They were worried over the fact that you were sick.他们为你生病发愁。
He referred to Copernicus statement that the earth moves round the sun.他提到了哥白尼关于地球绕太阳转的说法。
There was little hope that they would survive.他们幸存的希望很小。
At first I was of the opinion that you were right.开始我认为你是对的。
Have you any proof that he is a thief?你有没有证据证明他是小偷？
I got the impression that you are unhappy.我有印象你不太愉快。
There was no evidence that he was the killer.没有证据表明他是杀人犯。
I had no idea you were such an actor.我不知道你是一位这样出色的演员。
He came to me in the belief that I could help him.他来找我相信我能帮助他。
He made an admission that he was a thief.他承认他是小偷。
He had a feeling that his niece was not in error.他感觉他侄女没错。
Ive come to the conclusion that it was unwise to do that.我得出结论这样做是不明智的。
There is a possibility that the train may be late.火车有可能晚点。
I give my guarantee that he will be here tomorrow.我向你保证他明天会来。
The rumour spread that a new school would be built here.谣传这里要盖一所新学校。
The news got about that he had won a car in the lottery.消息传开说他中彩得了一辆汽车。
Report has it that the Smiths are leaving town.有传言说史密斯一家要离开这座城市。
The story goes that he beats his wife.传说他打老婆。
The thought came to him that maybe the enemy had fled the city.他想到可能敌人已逃离这座城市。
The order soon came that all citizens should evacuate the village.不久命令下来，所有居民都必须撤出村子。
He had no idea why she left.他不知道她为什么离开。
You have no idea how worried I was!你不知道我多着急！
There is some doubt as to whether he will come.有点可疑他是否会来。
She welcomed us warmly.她热情地欢迎了我们。
Youre quite wrong.你完全错了。
She did this out of kindness.她这样做是出于好心。
We discovered it by chance.这是我们偶然发现的。
They did everything they could to save her life.他们尽一切力量拯救她的性命。
Im very pleased to have made your acquaintance.我很高兴认识了你。
Please fill in the card giving all the information required.请填写这张卡片，把要填的项目填清楚。
Compared to many women she was very fortunate.和许多人相比她是很幸运的。
He rushed over eager to help.他跑了过来，急于要帮忙。
Enthusiastic they are quite cooperative.他们很热心，很愿意合作。
She jumped two metres.她跳了两米远。
She nursed him day and night.她日夜护理他。
That being the case well have to put the meeting off.既然如此，我们将不得不把会议推迟。
He dashed into the room gun in hand.他端着枪冲进屋里。
The moment I have finished Ill give you a call.我一干完就给你打电话。
Patient as he was he had no intention of waiting for three hours.尽管他很耐心，他也无心等三个钟头。
Weve been sitting hours waiting for you.我们在这里坐了好几个钟头等你。
Shes feeling miles better today.今天她感到好多了。
aWe can send a car over to fetch you.我们可以派车来接你。
I went to live in France to in order to learn French.我去法国住，去学习法语。
I shut the door quietly so as not to wake the baby.我轻轻把门关上以免把宝宝吵醒。
She arrived early in order to get a good seat.她及早到达以便有一个好座位。
bHe hurried to the house only to find that it was empty.他匆忙赶到那屋子里，发现已经空无一人。
He returned home to learn that his daughter had just become engaged.他回到家里发现他女儿刚订婚。
He was so foolish as to leave his car unlocked.他是那样傻，竟然没锁车。
She left home never to return again.她离开了家再也没回来。
cThe plate was too hot to touch.盘子太烫不能碰。
The case was too heavy to be carried by a child.箱子太重小孩拿不动。
She is old enough to travel by herself.她年纪够大，可以独自旅行了。
dI rejoice to hear that youre well again.听说你痊愈了我很高兴。
She shuddered to think of her bitter past.她想到辛酸的过去不寒而栗。
We jumped with joy to hear the news.听到这消息我们高兴得跳了起来。
Im sorry to be late.对不起我迟到了。
Im glad to see you back.看到你回来我很高兴。
Were proud to be young people of China.作为中国青年我们感到自豪。
She was surprised to find him there.看到他在那里她很吃惊。
They were eager to take part in the work.他们都急于参加这项工作。
We were grieved to learn of his death.听说他去世了我们感到悲痛。
Be careful not to catch cold.当心别感冒。
Im inclined to think hes right.我倾向于认为他是对的。
To be honest I just dont like him.说老实话，我就是不喜欢他。
To be fair he wasnt entirely to blame.说句公道话，这不能全怪他。
To be perfectly frank youre a bad driver.坦率地讲，你开车不行。
Ive never met him to tell you the truth.说真的，我还从未见过他。
To cut a long story short we said No.长话短说，我们拒绝了！
To say the least their techniques are oldfashioned.最起码说，他们的工艺至少太老了。
He is so to speak the brains of the organization.他可说是这个机构的大脑。
He is a nice person to be sure.他肯定是个好人。
To begin with John is too young for that kind of job.首先，约翰干这种工作太年轻。
To put it mildly shes just a bit inquisitive.说得轻些，她只是有点爱打听。
关于不定式作状语，可参阅第135节。
aThey denied the accusation hotly.他们愤怒地否认这项指控。
Have you seen her lately?你最近见到她了吗？
She danced beautifully.她的舞跳得很美。
He looked suspiciously at me.他以怀疑的眼光望着我。
They secretly decided to leave the town.他们秘密决定离开这座城市。
I foolishly forgot my passport.我愚蠢地忘了带护照。
Occasionally they would come to see us.偶尔他们会来看我们。
Generally she remained in on Sunday evening.一般说来星期天晚上她都留在家里。
bIm nearly ready.我已差不多准备好了。
Youre absolutely right.你绝对正确。
That is a fairly easy book.这是一本相当容易的书。
The show was really good.表演的确很精采。
Youre partly right.你部分是对的。
Ruth ran the house extremely well.露丝把家管得非常好。
aThe train was going fast.火车开得很快。
You can dial New York direct.你可直接给纽约打电话。
He led us wrong.他给我们带错了路。
They live quite near.他们住得很近。
How far can you see?你能看多远？
You behaved well yesterday.你昨天表现得很好。
They raised the money somehow.他们以某种方式筹集了这笔钱。
I looked for it everywhere.我到处找它。
bShe is quite clever.她相当聪明。
He was most apologetic.他感到非常抱歉。
The box isnt big enough.箱子不够大。
Peter is rather stupid.彼得相当愚蠢。
You talk too much.你话讲得太多。
Thank you very much.非常感谢。
She swims far better than I do.你比我游得好得多。
Pretty soon the lilacs would be in bloom.不久紫丁香就要开花了。
关于副词，可参阅第275285节。
Honestly Tom didnt get the money.说真的，汤姆没得到这笔钱。
Apparently he knew the town well.显然他对这城市很熟悉。
Surely she was there.肯定她在那儿。
Frankly I look upon it as a promising experiment.坦白地讲，我把它看作一次很有希望的试验。
Actually Grandpa had altered much less than I.实际上爷爷比我改变得还少。
Clearly she no longer included her among her friends.显然她不再把她看作朋友。
Certainly they must know the results of such speeches.肯定他们知道这样发言的后果。
Evidently he was queer in some way.显然在某方面他很古怪。
Possibly what he says is true.可能他讲的是对的。
Briefly the blast furnace operation removes some impurities from the ore and produces pig iron.总之，鼓风炉工序除去铁矿的杂质，产生了生铁。
Hes basically a nice person.从根本上说他是一个好人。
Luckily it was not so hot.幸好天气不太热。
Happily the accident was prevented.幸好这个事故避免了。
Fortunately he found the money that hed lost.幸好他丢失的钱找到了。
Curiously he seemed to know that already.说也奇怪，他似乎已知道这事。
Strangely enough Ive never seen that TV programme.说也奇怪我从未看见那个电视节目。
Surprisingly he failed his exam.让人吃惊的是，他考试没通过。
Naturally shes attached to the place.自然她很留恋这个地方。
Typically he would come in late and then say he was sorry.按他典型的作法他会迟到，然后说对不起。
Inevitably they will give expression to their own ideologies.不可避免地，他们会发表他们的自己的看法。
Maybe he would come around yet.或许他还会来。
Most likely he had gone for a glass of beer.很可能他去喝啤酒了。
First I must apologize to you.首先，我要向你们表示歉意。
Secondly Id like to explain a few things.其次我想解释几件事。
Then theres his sister we must not forget her.此外，还有他妹妹，我们不能忘了她。
Lastly let me mention the great support Ive got from my wife最后，让我提一下我妻子给我的巨大支持。
He was sick. Accordingly we sent him home.他生病了，因此我们把他送回了家。
He told me to do it and so I did it.他让我这样做，因此我这样做了。
It rained; therefore the game was put off.天下雨，因此球赛推迟了。
Consequently I had to walk the whole day.因此我不得不走一整天的路。
My mother is by herself; hence I must go home now.我母亲一个人在家，因此我得回家了。
He studied hard thus he got high marks.他学习努力，因此得了高分。
Besides I want you to promise me one thing.此外，我还要你答应我一件事。
He is stupid and inattentive and moreover he is lazy.他很笨，又不专心，而且还很懒。
The house isnt big enough for us and furthermore its too far from the town.这所房子我们住不够大，而且也离城太远。
She waited however for no explanation.但她没有等候解释。
It snowed heavilynevertheless we still drove to Chicago.雪下得很大，尽管如此我们仍开车去了芝加哥。
The food was excellent and likewise the wine.菜好极了，酒也很好。
He was deeply impressed.他被留下很深的印象。
I went deep into the woods.我深入到树林中。
Ill come directly.我马上就来。
Go direct home.直接回家。
Hes easily hurt.他感情容易受伤害。
Go easy with her.对她要慢慢来。
She flatly refused.她直截了当地拒绝了。
Lie down flat.平躺着。
They talked freely.他们随便地谈。
He was fully recovered.他完全痊愈了。
You know it full well.这一点你完全知道。
I hardly ever see her.我很少和他见面。
Hit the ball hard.使劲击球。
The eagle flies high.鹰飞得很高。
He was treated justly.他受到公正的对待。
He is just a child.他只是一个孩子。
Lastly Ill ask you a question.最后我要问你一个问题。
He saw her last in Paris.他上次是在巴黎见到她的。
I havent been well lately.近来我身体不太好。
He goes to bed late.他睡觉很晚。
She is nearly fifty now.她现在快五十岁了。
He lives quite near.他住得很近。
How prettily she sings!她唱得多美呀！
Shes still pretty sick.她病仍然相当重。
The show was really good.演出的确精彩。
Its roughly a square.它大致呈方形。
We can live rough.我们可以过简陋的生活。
The road turns sharply.路急速拐弯。
Come at one oclock sharp.准一点钟来。
He will come shortly.他一会儿来。
The shot fell short.这一枪没打中。
She will surely win!她一定会获胜。
He has read widely.他博览群书。
He opened his eyes wide.他眼睛睁得大大的。
关于副词，可参阅第十三章有关各节。
Well be there between 7 and 8.我们七点到八点之间将在那里。
The plane takes off at 10:30.飞机十点半起飞。
We must finish the work by the end of July.我们必须于七月底前完成这项工作。
Most people work from nine to five.多数人都从九点工作到五点。
She has been here since Monday.从礼拜一起她一直在这里。
He left school in 1995.他1995年毕业。
He travelled in Africa for six months.他在非洲旅行了六个月。
On reaching the city he called up Lester.到达那座城市时他给莱斯特打了电话。
Ema Hart swam across the Channel.爱尔娜哈特横渡英吉利海峡。
We wandered over the fields.我们在田野上漫步。
Water flows through the pipe.水从水管中流过。
Ill wait in front of the shop.我在商店前等你。
She sat by the phone all morning.她整个早晨都守在电话旁边。
Lets all sit under this tree.咱们都坐在这棵树下。
Ive got a pain in my stomach.我胃疼。
Theres a bank opposite my office.我办公室对门有一家银行。
George returned his greeting with a nod.他打招呼，乔治点头作答。
She always acts on impulse.她常常按冲动行事。
I stared at her in amazement.我惊异地凝视着她。
You may read the book at your leisure.你可以从容不迫地看这本书。
We found the place without difficulty.我们毫无困难地找到了这个地方。
Well go home by métro.我们将坐地铁回家。
We got on together like old friends.我们相处得像老朋友一样。
He lost his job owing to a change in management.他因管理人员的变动失去了工作。
I cant do the work because of my illness.由于我的病我不能干这工作。
Farmers are going bankrupt on account of the crisis in agriculture.由于农业危机农民都走向破产。
With all this rain therell be a good crop.有这么多雨水，收成会很好。
France is famous for its wines.法国因它的酒而出名。
They were all weak from hunger.他们都因饥饿身体虚弱。
They succeeded in escaping.他们成功逃脱。
Who were you talking to?你在和谁谈话？
We had a chat over a cup of tea.我们一面喝茶一面聊天。
Nobody but Tom knew the way.只有汤姆知道路。
You can park anywhere except here.只有这里不能停车。
In my opinion none of this is true.照我看这都不是事实。
They fought against the enemy for many years.许多年来他们都在和敌人作战。
aShe is afraid of dogs.她怕狗。
She is frightened scared of the dark.她害怕黑夜。
I dont believe you are capable of winning it.我不相信你能获胜。
Im sorry for forgetting the tickets.对不起我忘了买票的事。
Im sorry about the whole thing.对这一切我感到抱歉。
Im ashamed of myself for it.我为此感到惭愧。
He was absorbed in the book.他聚精会神地看书。
She wasnt aware of her shortcomings.她没意识到她的弱点。
Are you interested in going with us?你有兴趣和我们一道去吗？
Im not good at figures.我不善于运算。
Im used to getting up early.我习惯于早起。
Hes accustomed to travelling.他已经习惯旅行了。
They are very keen on golf.他们很喜欢打高尔夫球。
Who is responsible for the accident?这次事故应由谁负责？
Drivers exceeding the speed limit are liable to a fine.超速开车的人可能要罚款。
Hes fond of cracking jokes.他喜欢说笑话。
They were exposed to great danger.他们面临巨大危险。
She was annoyed with him.她生他的气。
I was rather angry at what he said.我对他说的话相当生气。
She has been anxious about your return.她一直盼望你回来。
What are you busy about?你在忙什么？
Im bored with the subject.我对这问题已感到厌烦。
Be careful with your work of your steps.工作要细心走路要当心。
You should be content with what you have.你应满足于你有的东西。
You must be certain of your facts.你必须把事实弄准确。
The child is full of energy.那孩子精力充沛。
We are eager for news.我们亟盼得到消息。
What are you so excited about?什么事你这样激动？
He was faithful to his principles.他忠于他的原则。
Im glad about your new job of it.我为你的新工作为此感到高兴。
She is grateful to you for what youve done.她感激你所做的一切。
They are jealous of you.他们妒忌你。
Im pleased at with your success.我为你的成功感到高兴。
Im very satisfied with you.我对你很满意。
bJogging is good for you.跑步对你有好处。
It should be ready for use immediately.它应当马上就可以用。
The North Pole is not suitable for human habitation.北极不适合住人。
My views are different from yours.我的看法和你不同。
The delay was due to heavy traffic.延误是由于车辆太多引起。
Lying is contrary to my beliefs.撒谎违反我的信念。
The situation is capable of improvement.形势还可能改善。
The town is famous for its hot springs.这座城市因温泉而出名。
The place is famed for its delectable dishes.这家餐馆因菜好吃出名。
The administration was not free from corruption.那届政府未能扫除贪污。
Life is full of ups and downs.人生充满起起伏伏。
His views are similar to yours.他的观点和你相似。
The house is totally devoid of furniture.那栋房子里完全没有家具。
The police accused him of murder.警察指控他谋杀。
Finally they agreed about the procedures for the meeting.最后他们就会议程序达成协议。
We agreed on the question.在这个问题上我们取得一致意见。
Please agree to the arrangement.请同意这样的安排。
I agree with you the idea.我同意你的意见这个想法。
They aimed at a socialist country.他们目标是建立一个社会主义国家。
I must apologize for calling so late.我这么晚来应向你表示歉意。
Seven candidates applied for the position.有七个人申请这个职位。
I quite approve of the idea.我完全赞同这个想法。
What decision did you finally arrive at?最后你们做出了什么决定？
Might I ask for a photograph of Mr. Gray?我能要一张格雷先生的照片吗？
Ill attend to that.我来处理这事。
What has become of Jennie?珍妮怎么样了？
The prisoner begged for mercy.犯人乞求宽恕。
I must begin by telling you an anecdote.我得先给你们讲一段趣事。
The concert began with the National Anthem.音乐会以演奏国歌开始。
He believed in Darwinism.他信仰达尔文主义进化论。
Most of them belong to the Han nationality.他们大多数属于汉族。
Beware of pickpockets!小心扒手！
I dont blame you for being cautious.你小心谨慎，我不怪你。
He blamed his failure on his bad luck.他失败了怪运气不好。
English had borrowed many words from many languages.英语借用了许多语言的词汇。
They charged him with theft.他们控告他偷窃。
He had to choose between death and dishonour.他得在死和羞辱之间做出选择。
The poet compared her teeth to pearls.诗人把她的牙齿比作珍珠。
He cannot compare with Shakespeare.他不能和莎士比亚相比。
Nothing can compensate for the loss of ones health.什么也不能弥补丧失健康。
They competed for the gold medal.他们争夺金牌。
We cant hope to compete with them.我们不能指望和他们抗衡。
She complained about the food of his rudeness.她抱怨伙食不好他粗鲁无礼。
We must comply with the rules.我们必须遵守规定。
The school conferred a medal on him.学校给他颁发了一枚奖章。
I must confer with my lawyer first.我得先和我的律师商量。
He confessed to having done it.他承认这是他干的。
All students must conform to the rules.所有学生都得遵守规定。
Carbon dioxide consists of carbon and oxygen.二氧化碳由碳和氧构成。
Goodness consists in being honest.善良主要包含诚实。
The merchant deals in silk goods.这个商人经营丝织品。
He deals fairly with all people.他对一切人都公平对待。
The town depends on the tourist trade.这座城市依靠旅游业。
On one point I differ from with you.在一点上我和你有不同意见。
I shall draw on you for assistance.我将争取你的帮助。
I never dreamt of such a thing.我做梦也没想到会有这样的事。
Venus emerged from the sea.爱神从海里呈现出来。
He failed in his mathematics.他数学不及格。
Dick fell for baseball when he was a boy.狄克从小爱上了棒球。
His story falls into five parts.他的故事分为五部分。
You will have to fight against difficulties.你得和困难斗争。
He told the workers to fight for their rights.他要工人们为自己的权利而斗争。
Can you guess at her age?你能猜猜她的年龄吗？
This time they hoped for better results.这次他们希望取得更好的成绩。
Never identify opinions with facts.绝不要把意见和事实等同起来。
He insisted on seeing her home.他坚持要送她回家。
He knocked at the door entered.他敲了敲门走了进去。
I happened to know about him.我碰巧了解他的情况。
I know of a hotel which might suit you.我知道有一家旅馆，可能适合你。
We were laughing about your brother.我们在笑你的弟弟。
But he laughed at this idea.但他嘲笑了这个想法。
He listened to the radio every morning.他每天早上听收音机。
They lived on vegetarian foods.他们靠吃素食生活。
He longed for friendship.他渴望友谊。
Shes been looking after the luggage.她刚才在照看行李。
Thats the way I look at it.这是我的看法。
Theyre looking for a new house.他们在找新房子。
Well look into the matter together.我们一道来调查这件事。
Before the meeting I looked through the reports.开会前我把报告看了一遍。
He met with some difficulties.他碰到一些困难。
Mother objected to his rudeness.母亲不赞成他那样粗鲁无礼。
Ive already paid for it.这钱我已经付了。
Its no use quarrelling about it为这事争吵没用。
I hate to have quarrelled with her.我后悔和她吵架了。
I read about it in the paper.这我是在报上看到的。
Have you tried reasoning with him?你试没试着和他讲道理？
The speaker referred to his past experiences.报告人提到他过去的经历。
You cant rely on his assistance.你不能依靠他的帮助。
I reminded him of his promise.我提醒他做过的诺言。
Please reply to my question.请回答我的问题。
He reported on the whole event to the minister.他向部长报告了整个事件。
He reserved a front seat for me.他为我留了一个前排座位。
You should never resort to violence.你绝不能诉诸暴力。
Your clothes smell of camphor.你的衣服有樟脑味。
At last I succeeded in performing my task.最后，我成功地完成了任务。
She suffers from stomachaches.她常常胃疼。
They suspect him of murder.他们怀疑他杀人。
People are beginning to talk about her.人们开始议论她。
We often talk of you.我们常常谈到你。
Ill talk to your father about your behaviour.我将和你父亲谈你的行为。
I must talk with him.我得和他谈一谈。
The soup tastes of onion.这汤有洋葱味。
What are you thinking about?你在想什么？
She frequently thought of Sophia.她经常想到索菲娅。
They trade in fruit and vegetables.他们做水果和蔬菜生意。
He refused to trade with that company again.他拒绝再和这家公司做生意。
She trusted in his ability to look after her.她信任他有能力照顾她。
I can trust my affairs to my solicitors.我可把我的事务托付给我的律师。
I wouldnt care to trust him with the money.我不愿把这笔钱托付给他。
Only seven members voted against it.只有七名议员投票反对它。
Who did you vote for?你投票选谁？
He waited patiently for an answer.他耐心等待回答。
She waited on him day and night.她日夜伺候他。
They warned him about the bandits.他们警告他有匪徒。
He warned me of the danger risk.他提醒我有危险风险。
What more can you wish for?你还能希望有什么？
The newspapers wrote about his performance.报纸报道了他的演出。
He has written another article against waste.他又写了一篇反对浪费的文章。
He has written for several magazines.他给几家杂志写稿。
We must write to the Ministry of Health.我们必须给卫生部写信。
关于介词短语作状语，可参阅第297节和第300301节。
They strolled about for a time.他们到处逛了一会儿。
Stars glittered above.星星在天上闪闪发光。
Lets go across here.咱们在这儿过街。
She bicycled along singing loudly.她骑车往前走，高声唱着歌。
They brought the rescue boat alongside.他们把救生艇开到旁边。
I travelled around for a few years.我到处游历了几年。
She had never before had that feeling.她过去从未有过这种感觉。
I drove. They sat behind.我开车。他们坐在后面。
A detailed description is given below.下面将作详细的描绘。
We climbed the hill; the valley lay beneath.我们往山上爬，山谷就在下面。
Besides shes a dutiful girl.此外，她还是一个负责任的姑娘。
Theres only the tree and the rock I can see nothing between.只有那棵树和岩石，之间我看不到什么。
Theres nothing beyond.再过去没有东西。
He walked by without noticing me.他从旁过去没看见我。
The temperature has gone down.温度下降了。
The girl came running in from the yard.那女孩从院子里跑了进来。
Lets go inside.咱们到里面去。
Spring draws near.春天临近了。
Sophias run off.索菲娅跑掉了。
Where did you get on?你在哪里上车的？
You oughtnt to stay out so late.你不应当在外面待到这么晚。
Put the flowers outside.把花放到外边去。
Hes seen me! Hes coming over.他看见我了！他走过来了。
The car drove past.汽车开了过去。
A crowd soon gathered round.一群人很快在周围聚集起来。
We parted and we havent met since.我们分手了，此后再也没有见面。
Can I get through by this road?走这条路能穿过去吗？
Follow my plan throughout.从头到尾照我的计划做。
He can stay under for quite a while.他可以在水下停留很长时间。
She picked up the pillow and looked underneath.她拿起枕头，看了看下边。
He sprang up from his seat.他从座位上跳了起来。
The house has been painted within and without.这房子里里外外都油漆了。
这类副词还可构成短语动词，可参阅第304节。
Now she was back eager to see her friends.现在她回来了，亟盼看到她的朋友。
She gave him the overcoat anxious to be of service.她把大衣递给他，亟愿帮他做事。
The boy nodded pale and scared.男孩点点头，脸色苍白十分惊恐。
Greatly interested I asked how he played these new works.我很感兴趣，问他这些新作品如何演奏。
Full of youthful vigour he was diligent and modest.他充满青春的朝气，勤奋而又谦虚。
Modest unassuming easy to approach he soon put everybody at ease.他很谦逊，随和，平易近人，很快就使大家不紧张了。
Helpless I decided to leave the place.我无可奈何，决定离开这个地方。
Greatly disappointed he decided to leave the place.他大为失望，决定离开这个地方。
They waited breathless for the result.他们屏住呼吸等待结果。
Shyly and a bit frightened I handed it to her.我腼腆地，也有点害怕，把它递给了她。
He said nothing but sat silent smoking.他没说话，而是静静地坐着抽烟。
He stood there motionless another minute or so.他一动不动地在那儿又站了约一分钟。
They will come in useful later.它们以后会有用。
The hunter fired and the tiger fell dead.猎人开枪老虎倒地死了。
All men are born equal.所有的人生而平等。
He flushed crimson with indignation.他气得满脸通红。
He pulled his belt tight.他勒紧裤带。
She pushed the door open.她把门推开。
We drink it hot.我们喝热的。
They eat it raw.他们把它生吃。
They beat him unconscious.他们把他打得失去知觉。
She knocked him senseless.她打得他失去知觉。
The pain nearly drove me mad crazy.疼痛几乎使我发疯了。
aHe stood helpless not knowing what to do.他无可奈何地站在那里，不知如何是好。
He lay still staring blankly at the ceiling.他静静地躺着，茫然地望着天花板。
He told me to start early reminding me that the roads would be crowded.他让我早点动身，提醒我说公路上会很拥挤的。
Jane watched weeping from the door way.简哭泣着在门道里瞧着。
She went out slamming the door.她走了出去，砰地一声把门关上。
He fired wounding one of the bandits.他开枪，打伤一名匪徒。
I fell striking my head against the door.我摔倒在地，头撞到门上。
bBeing a student he was naturally interested in museums.他是一个学生，自然对博物馆有兴趣。
Not knowing their language he found it hard to get work.由于不懂他们的语言，他发现找工作很困难。
Not having enough hands they couldnt finish the work in time.由于人手不足，他们不能及时完成工作。
cLearning of the uprising he returned to the country.听到了起义的消息，他回到国内。
Leaping out of bed he dressed quickly.跳下床后，他迅速穿好衣服。
Seeing this some of us became worried.看到这情况，我们有些人着急起来。
Walking through the park we saw a fine flower show.从公园穿过时，我们看到漂亮的花卉展。
aHaving failed twice he didnt want to try again. As he had failed twice他已失败过两次，他不想再尝试。
Having read the instructions he snatched up the fire extinguisher.看完说明书之后，他拿起了灭火器。
I didnt feel terribly shocked having expected all this.这情况我早已料到，因此我并不感到过于震惊。
Having married very late he was over fifty when I was born.由于结婚很晚，我出生时他已五十多岁了。
bThe day being fine they decided to go swimming.由于天气很好，我们决定去游泳。
There being no further business I declared the meeting closed.没有更多事了，我就宣布闭会。
Ashton being dead there was nothing to be done now.阿希顿已经死了，现在没有什么办法可想了。
The subject having been opened he had to go on with it话题已经开始了，他不得不谈下去。
上面谈到的分词作状语的结构主要出现在书面语中。
分词有时和谓语动词关系密切，常没有逗号把它们分开。
She went swimming every day.她每天都在游泳。
A warm wind came flowing over the sea.一阵暖风吹过海面。
He doesnt spend much time preparing his lessons.他备课不花太多时间。
He spent a lot of money modernizing the house.他花了很多钱使房子现代化。
He wasted a whole afternoon trying to repair the car.他设法修理这辆汽车，浪费了整整一个下午。
I could have died laughing.我简直要笑死了。
She was busy packing.她忙着收拾行李。
He rode a way whistling.他吹着口哨骑车走了。
I had a hard time finding you.我找你费了好大事。
She stood watching for two hours.她站着看了两小时。
I lay tossing half the night.我翻来覆去半夜没睡着。
Sophia sat waiting on the sofa.索菲娅在长沙发上坐着等。
这类句子在口语中也常出现。
I have tried to keep your advice in mind when I was writing the book.写这本书时我设法记住你的劝告。
While we were doing so we decided to sell our boat.在这样做时，我们决定把船卖掉。
He paused as if expecting Lanny to speak.他停了停，仿佛等待兰尼说话。
She looked round as though searching for someone.她向周围望望，仿佛在找什么人似的。
Strictly speaking you ought to sign the visitors book first.严格讲，你应先在访客簿上签名。
Judging from what you say he ought to succeed.从你的话看他应当能成功。
Women generally speaking live longer than men.一般说来女人比男人活得长。
Hes not a doctor technically speaking.从技术上来说，他还不是医生。
Racially speaking they were in complete agreement.在种族上说，他们意见是完全一致的。
We are all broadly speaking middle class.从广义上说我们都是中产阶级。
It has cost roughly speaking about 500.粗略地说，它花了约500英镑。
关于现在分词作状语，可参阅第147节。
aShe entered accompanied by her mother.她由母亲陪仵着走了进来。
They came in followed by their wives.他们走了进来，后面跟着他们的妻子。
Stunned by the blow George fell on the floor.乔治被打晕了，倒在地板上。
Viewed from a distance the island looked like a cloud.从远处看，这座岛像一朵云彩。
Of course said Rose astonished.当然，罗斯吃惊地说。
Seated in his car he waved to the crowd.他坐在车上，向群众挥手。
bAroused by the crash he leap to his feet.他被爆裂声惊醒，一跃站了起来。
Jim horrified at what had happened could say nothing.吉姆对发生的事感到惊恐，一句话也说不出来了。
Moved by their speech I was at a loss what to say.被他们的发言感动，我不知说什么好。
Much discouraged she moved on to Reeds.她很沮丧，搬到了里兹。
cDriven beyond endurance he ran away from the plantation.他忍无可忍从种植园逃了出来。
Surprised at my reaction she tried to console me.我的反应使她吃惊，她设法安慰我。
Looked at politically it is an important problem.从政治上看这是一个重要问题。
Taken in time the medicine will be quite effective.及时吃，这药会很有效的。
这类结构多用在书面语中，且和主要谓语用逗号分开。
Three others lay wounded.另外三个人受伤躺在那里。
All the girls stood grouped together.所有的姑娘们都成群站在一起。
I stand prepared to dispute it.我准备好争议此事。
The thought lay buried in her heart.这想法一直埋藏在她心中。
Although built before the war the engine is still in perfect order.虽说是战前制造，这发动机仍然处于良好状态。
If accepted for this post you will be informed within a week.如果你被接受担任这个职务，将在一礼拜内给你通知。
Unless changed this law will make life difficult for farmers.除非作某些变动，否则这条法律将使农民的生活发生困难。
I went on talking though continually interrupted by Dussel.我继续往下谈，尽管不断被杜塞尔打断。
He started as if awakened from some dream.他显得一惊，仿佛从梦中惊醒。
Bats are longlived creatures some having a lifeexpectancy of twenty years.蝙蝠是长寿动物，有的可望活到二十年。
Spring coming on the trees turned green.春天来了，树都绿了。
The dark clouds having dispersed the sun shone again.乌云散去之后，太阳又开始放射光芒。
John being away Henry had to do the work.约翰不在，只好由亨利来做这工作。
bThat done he put on his sweater and went out.做完这事他穿上毛衣出去了。
The question settled they went back to their respective posts.这问题解决后，他们就回到各自的岗位上去了。
All things considered I think we ought to give the job to George.各方面考虑起来，我想我们应当把工作交给乔治。
Charles came in his eyes swollen.查尔斯走了进来，眼睛肿着。
aHe entered the room his face pale.他走进屋来脸色苍白。
She stood erect her body stiff with fury.她站得笔直，身子气得发僵。
He sat in the front row his mouth half open.他坐在前排，嘴半开着。
The people their livelihood secure now have the leisure to take up sports.现在人民生活有了保障，就有时间参加体育活动了。
bHe was waiting his eyes on her back.他在等着，眼睛望着她的背影。
The soldiers dashed in rifle in hand.士兵们端着枪冲了进来。
The old woman sat down traces of tears still on her cheeks.老太太坐了下来，面颊上还带有泪痕。
We walked out one behind the other.我们一个接一个地走了出来。
cHe put on his socks wrong side out.他袜子穿反了。
The picture was hung upside down.画挂倒了。
aI wont be able to go on holiday with my mother being ill.我母亲病了，我没法出去休假了。
With the crowd cheering the royal party drove to the palace.在群众欢呼声中，王室一行的汽车开入皇宫。
The day was bright with a fresh breeze blowing.天气晴朗吹着一股清风。
He fell asleep with the light still burning.灯还开着他睡着了。
bAll the afternoon he worked with the door locked.整个下午他锁着门在家工作。
He sat with his arms clasped round his knees.他双手抱着膝盖坐着。
He painted her sitting with her hands folded.他画她坐着手叉在胸前。
1978 ended with nothing settled.在一切悬而未决的情况下1978年结束了。
cWe sat on the grass with our backs to the wall.我们背朝着墙在草地上坐下。
He was asleep with his head on his arms.他头枕着双臂睡着了。
His wife came down the stairs with her baby in her arms.他妻子抱着宝宝走下楼来。
They stood with their arms round each other.他们互相搂抱站在那里。
dHe was lying on the bed with all his clothes on.他穿着全部衣裳躺在床上。
With his wife away he had to do all the housework.他妻子不在，他得干所有的家务活。
In the afternoon with nothing to do I went on a round of the bookshops.下午没事我就去逛书店。
With so much work to do I cant go to the movies.有这么多事要做，我不能去看电影。
It weighs almost a ton.它几乎有一吨重。
I shall stay another five months.我将再待五个月。
She went jogging first thing in the morning.她早晨第一件事就是跑步。
The bus arrived ten minutes late.公共汽车迟到了十分钟。
We have a change to Bus No. 3 a few stops further on.再过几站我们得转三路公共汽车。
But you went too far.但你做得太过分。
We completed the work five days ahead of time.我们提前五天完成任务。
He lives a long way from here.他住得离这里很远。
Theory must go hand in hand with practice.理论必须结合实际。
She looked after the child day and night.她日夜照顾孩子。
He paced quickly up and down.他快步来回地走着。
It rained off and on all day.雨断断续续下了一整天。
Sure enough she was there.果然她在那里。
She dived in head first.她头朝下跳进水里。
It defeated Hungary 3:0 three to nil but lost to Japan 2:3.它以三比零打败匈牙利队，但以二比三输给了日本队。
When we lived in town we often went to the theatre.我们在城里住时常常去看戏。
After she got married she changed completely.她结婚之后完全变了。
We must strike while the iron is hot.我们要趁热打铁。
It was a long time before I got to sleep again.好久我才又睡着。
As the sun rose the fog dispersed.太阳出来时雾就消散了。
Tell him as soon as he arrives.他一来就告诉他。
I havent heard from him since he left.他走之后我还没接到过他的信。
Whenever she had a cold she ate only fruit.每当她感冒了她只吃水果。
You can keep the records as long as you like.这些唱片你愿留多久就留多久。
Once you have learned Spanish you will find Italian easy.一旦你学会西班牙语，你会觉得意大利语容易。
Now that we have decorated the house we can move in.现在房子已装饰好，我们可以搬进去了。
Every time I listen to music Ill think of it.每当我听音乐，我就想起这事。
He didnt tell me anything the last time I saw him.上次我见到他时他什么也没告诉我。
He flinched each time she spoke to him.每次她和他讲话，他都畏缩。
The moment I saw him I knew that there was no hope.我一看到他，就知道没有希望了。
I came immediately you called.你一来电话我就来了。
I had no sooner checked into the hotel than he arrived.我一住进旅馆，他就到了。
Hardly had he arrived when she started complaining.他刚到，她就开始诉苦了。
The machine will start instantly you press the button.你一按电钮，机器就会开动。
Directly he uttered these words there was a dead silence.他一说这些话，大家立刻沉默下来。
Often she would weep when she was alone.她一个人时，常常哭泣。
He retained the consciousness of it while he was asleep.他睡着时，还继续意识到这个。
Even as boy he was hopeless at maths.小时候他数学就很差。
Whenever possible they should be typed.每当可能，都应把它们打出来。
A friend is never known till needed.只有在患难的时候才了解朋友。
Once over the pass you will see the town before you.一过关，你就会看到那座城市在你面前。
She waited a little while before making up her mind.她等一会儿才做出决定。
After sending you that letter I recollected how stupid I was.把信寄给你之后我想起我多么愚蠢。
He made his first visit to Mexico since seizing power 20 years ago.自从二十年前他夺取政权以来，这是他第一次访问墨西哥。
The church was built where there had once been a Roman temple.这座教堂盖在一座罗马寺庙的旧址。
You can camp where you like these days.现今你可以爱在哪宿营就在哪儿宿营。
Ill take you anywhere you like.你想到哪儿我就带你到哪儿。
Everywhere I go I find the same thing.不管我走到哪里，我都发现同样情况。
He left it where it lay.他把它放在原处。
Where Kate had stood last night Maria now stood.凯特昨晚站的地方，玛丽亚现在站着。
He said he was happy where he was.他说他现在处境很愉快。
Im not living where I was.我不在原处住了。
Where the money is there is power.有钱就有势。
It is your fault that she is where she is.她今天落到这个地步都怪你。
The thread breaks where it is weakest.线从最弱的地方断。
Where possible they tried to acquire colonies.只要可能，他们就设法取得殖民地。
Avoid structures of this kind wherever possible.只要可能，就要避免这种结构。
I have changed it as you suggest.我已照你的建议作了改动。
I am as you can imagine short of money.正如你能想象的我很缺钱。
Robbie didnt feel as she did.洛比没有她那种感觉。
You ought to do as he tells you.你应按他的话做。
I did as she asked.我依照她的要求做了。
As a man lives so he dies.正如人能活，也能死。
Do it like he does.照他那样做。
She cant cook like her mother does.她菜做得没有她妈那样好。
I feel just like I did when I was a boy.我的感觉和小时候一样。
I remember the whole thing as if it happened yesterday.整个这件事我记得很清楚，就仿佛是昨天发生似的。
Fancy you sitting there as if nothing had happened.瞧你坐在那里，仿佛什么也没发生似的。
It swims above the sea floor just as its ancestors did.它在海底上方游动，就像它的祖辈一样。
They tried to conceal this fact much as I did last year.他们设法隐瞒事实，就像我去年做的那样。
I cant help seeing things the way they do.我禁不住也像他们那样看事物。
They didnt do it the way we do now.那时他们不像我们现在这样行事。
He doesnt speak the way I do.他不像我这样讲话。
Shes behaving in the same way her elder sister used to.她的行为和她姐姐过去的行为完全一样。
The steak is cooked just how I like it.牛排正像我喜欢的那样做了。
As expected the afforestation movement rapidly spread.正像预料的，造林运动迅速展开。
It usually happens as described above.情况通常就像上面描述的那样发生了。
He glanced about as if in search of something.他向周围望了一眼，仿佛在找寻什么。
She waited as though for a reply.她等了等，似乎在等候回答。
He shivered as though with cold.他抖动着仿佛受了凉似的。
He was angry because we were late.他很生气因为我们迟到了。
As the soup was very salty we were thirsty afterwards.由于汤太咸，我们后来都很口渴。
Since you are going I will go.既然你去，我也去。
He took a spoonful and tasted it in case it was hot.他盛了一勺尝了尝看烫不烫。
She ought to come down just in case anything happened.她应当下来以防发生什么情况。
Seeing that it is ten oclock we shall not wait for her any longer.由于现在已经十点钟，我们就不再等她了。
Considering hes only been learning English a year he speaks it very well.考虑他学英语才一年，他讲得是很好的。
Censorship is feeble in as much as it doesnt protect anyone.新闻检查制度没有什么作用，因为它不保护任何人。
Now that you are all here lets try and reach a decision.既然你们都在这里，咱们就设法做出一个决定。
Im glad that youve been assigned a new job.我很高兴，你分配了新工作。
We feel proud that our team has won the match.我们队赛赢了，我们感到自豪。
Im sony I havent done very well.我很抱歉，我没干太好。
She was annoyed that he had broken her vase.她不高兴，他把她的花瓶打破了。
She was hurt that I had not gone to her party.我没去参加她的晚会，她感到不快。
Im disappointed that you cannot come.我很失望，你不能来。
Im surprised I didnt see all that before.我很惊讶，我以前没明白这一切。
He was ashamed that he had done such a thing.他做这样的事，他感到羞愧。
If you do that I shall be very pleased.如果你能这样做，我会很高兴。
We sat on the grass if it was fine.如果天气好，我们就坐在草地上。
You can leave now if you like.如果你愿意现在就可以走了。
Nobody will get anything unless they ask for it.除非提出要求，否则谁也不会得到什么。
Dont bring her unless she is sober.除非她处于清醒状态，否则别带她来。
If I could afford it I would buy a boat.如果我买得起，我会买一只小船。
If anybody had asked me I could have told them what happened.如果有谁问过我，我可以告诉他们发生了什么情况。
If necessary ring me at home.如果必要，可往我家里打电话。
If possible I wish to go there next summer.如果可能，我希望明年夏天去。
He would never do this unless compelled.他绝不会这样做，除非是被迫如此。
After April 28th unless redeemed itll be for sale.4月28日后，除非有人赎出，否则它会被发售。
由if引起的虚拟条件句，还可参阅第98101节。
Supposing he cant come who will do the work?如果他不来，谁来干这工作？
Suppose your father saw you what would he say?如果你爸看到你，他会怎样说？
She will go provided her friends can go also.如果她的朋友们也能去，她也会去。
Providing there is no opposition we shall hold the meeting here.如果没人反对我们将在这里开会。
As long as you are happy it doesnt matter what you do.只要你开心，你做什么都没关系。
I would have married her even if she had been penniless.即使她身无分文，我也会娶她的。
Whether I agreed or not the search would take place.不管我同不同意，也会进行搜查。
Granted that this is true what conclusion can you draw?就算这是事实，你又能得出什么结论呢？
Well let you use the room on condition that you keep it clean and tidy.我们可以让你使用这个房间，条件是你把它保持整洁。
In case I forget please remind me about it.万一我忘了，请提醒我。
She hasnt got any sisters so far as I know.据我所知她没有姐妹。
Were it all true he would still not excuse their action.即使这都是事实，他也不会原谅他们的行动。
Were it not for your help I would still be homeless.要不是你帮助，我会仍然无家可归。
Had they acted sooner all this wouldnt have happened.如果他们早点采取行动，这一切就不会发生。
Had he been here he could have met my sister.如果他在这儿，他可能已见到我妹妹了。
Should I be free tomorrow I will come.如果明天我有空，我会来。
Should you see him please give him my regards.如果你见到他，请代我向他问好。
Although he had no qualifications he got the job.尽管他没有什么资格，他还是得到这份工作了。
Though we are poor were still happy.虽然我们穷，我们仍然很快乐。
Even though its hard work I enjoy it.尽管这是艰苦的工作，我喜欢干。
Theyll stand by you even if you dont succeed.尽管你不成功，他们也会支持你。
While I did well in class I was a poor performer at games.虽说我学习不错，我运动却不行。
Some praise him whereas others condemn him.有人赞扬他，而另一些人却谴责他。
Much as I like Venice I couldnt live there.虽然我喜欢威尼斯，我却不能在那里住。
Much as Id like to help there isnt a lot I can do.尽管我愿意帮忙，却没有很多事我能做。
However far it is I intend to drive there today.不管它有多远，我打算今天开车去。
I will find her wherever she may be.不管她在哪里，我都要找到她。
Whatever you may think Im going ahead with my plans.不管你怎么想，我将进行我的计划。
No matter what happened he would not say a word.不管发生了什么事，他什么也不会说。
Try as he might he couldnt solve the problem.尽管他设法这样做，却不能解决这个问题。
Unlikely as it may sound what Im telling you is true.尽管听起来不可能，我给你讲的却是事实。
Beautiful though the necklace was we thought it was overpriced.那条项链虽然很漂亮，我们认为价钱太高。
Hard though they tried they couldnt make her change her mind.尽管他们做了很大努力，却没法让她改变主意。
Come what may he would never let her down.不管发生什么情况，他都不会对不起她。
Though not large the room was well lit.虽说不大，房间却很亮堂。
The girl though plain had a good kind face.这姑娘虽说相貌平常，却有一张善良的脸。
Although still young hes going very grey.他虽然年纪还轻，头发却已灰白。
By 1977 things were beginning to improve even if not quickly enough. 1977年情况开始改善，尽管速度不够快。
Lets take the front seats that we may see more clearly.咱们坐前排，以便看得清楚点。
I have given him a key so that he can get into the house whenever he likes.我给了他一把钥匙，以便他随时能进来。
So that I shouldnt worry he phoned me on arrival.为了不让我担心，他一到就给我打了电话。
They risk their lives in order that we may live more safely.他们冒了生死危险使我们生活得更安全。
He didnt dare to leave the house lest someone should recognize him.他不敢离开那座房子，惟恐谁会认出他。
I dont let him go out in this weather in case he should catch cold.我不让他这种天气出去以防他会感冒。
I bought the car at once for fear that he might change his mind.我把车立即买了下来，以防他改变主意。
Cant you fix it somehow so you could stay?你可否作某种安排以便你能留下？
We have so arranged matters that one of us is always on duty.我们做了这种安排，以便我们总有一个人值勤。
She pampered him so略停顿that he would feel thoroughly contented.她那样哄着他，以便他感到完全满意。
My suitcase had become damaged so that the lid would not stay closed.我的箱子损坏了，因此盖子关不上了。
Nothing more was heard from him so that we began to wonder if he was dead.我们再也没有收到过他的信，因此我们开始怀疑他是不是死了。
It was so dark that he couldnt see the faces of his companions.天是那样黑，他同伴的脸他都看不见了。
There was so much to lose that we couldnt take any risks.可能会有很大的损失，因此我们不能冒险。
We arrived early so that we got good seats.我们到得很早，因此我们座位很好。
There was such a lot of rain that we couldnt go out.雨那么大，我们没法出去。
He is such a marvellous joker that you cant help laughing.他的笑话讲得那样出色，你禁不住要笑。
He told me to do it and so I did it.他让我这样做，于是我就这样做了。
They were so surprised that they did not try to stop him.他们是那样吃惊，竟没有设法阻止他。
aI am so busy I have no time to write a letter.我是那样忙，写信的时间都没有。
They were so tired they could do nothing but yawn.他们是那样累，一个劲儿打呵欠。
bSo successful have they been that they are moving to Bond Street.他们是那样成功，他们将搬到庞德街去。
So bright was the moon that the flowers were bright as by day.月亮是那样亮，花都像白天时那样鲜艳。
Give me back the money otherwise Ill ring the police.把钱还给我，否则我要给警察打电话了。
She had intellect otherwise I should have scorned her.她很聪明，否则我会看不起她。
Hurry up or else youll be late.赶快，否则你就会迟到了。
Drink this; else you will be sick.把这喝掉，否则你会生病。
You sing better than I do.你的歌比我唱得好。
It is easier than I thought.这比我想象的更容易。
She was now happier than she had ever been.现在她比过去任何时候都快活。
You know as much about that as I do.对此你和我一样清楚。
I havent done as much as I should have liked.我没做得像我希望的那样好。
They are as firm as one could expect.他们像人们希望的那样坚定。
The profits are greater than the losses.利润大于亏损。
He has more time than me I.他的时间比我多。
Gray loathed him more than ever.格雷比过去更讨厌他了。
It is even colder than yesterday.今天比昨天还冷。
He was almost as well off as myself.他几乎和我一样宽裕。
He doesnt work as hard as her she does.他工作不像她那样努力。
She was as interested in music as ever.她还像过去一样对音乐有兴趣。
She can run as fast as 20 miles an hour.她每小时能跑20英里。
关于状语从句，还可参阅第308317节。
陈述句绝大部分为自然语序。
What impressed you most?什么给你印象最深？
Which side won the game?哪边赢了？
aYou live here?你住这儿？
You have no objection?你不反对？
She is your cousin?她是你表妹？
bYouve lost your bike?你的自行车丟了?
She was late again?她又迟到了？
Youve no interest in going with us?你没有兴趣和我们一道去？
What nonsense you talk!你讲什么糊涂话！
What a good heart you have!你的心肠真好！
How well you look!你气色真好！
How beautifully you dance!你舞跳得真美！
What a lovely day it is!多好的天气！
How fascinating the lad was!这小伙子真迷人！
In came a man with a white beard.忽然进来一个白胡子老头。
There comes a bus.来了一辆公共汽车。
How did you like the show?你觉得演出如何？
How are you getting on in your new job?你干这新工作情况如何？
倒装语序的句子虽不占多数，却也不少。
aDo you know French?你懂法语吗？
Is she still doing that project?她还在干那个研究课题吗？
Has he written to you?他给你写信了吗？
bHow have you been getting along?你们相处得怎样？
Which room are you going to take?你准备要哪个房间？
cAre you going by train or by plane?你坐火车去还是坐飞机去？
Do you work fulltime or parttime?你干全职工作还是兼职工作？
Are these goods to be exported or home consumption?这些商品供出口还是内销？
dYoure in favour of the proposal arent you?你赞成这项议案，对吧？
She majors in computer science doesnt she?她是学电脑的是吧？
You dont smoke do you?你不抽烟，是不是？
只有上节提到某些特殊疑问句用自然语序。
At noon there was still no news.到中午时还没有消息。
There has been no rain today.今天没下雨。
There may be another demonstration tonight.今晚可能又有示威游行。
There came a knock at the door.有人敲门。
There remained just thirty pounds.只剩三十英镑了。
关于这类句子，可参阅第335338节。
There goes the bell.铃响了。
There come the rest of the party!其他的人来了！
There goes our bus.我们的车开走了。
Here comes the taxi.出租车来了。
Heres a cup of tea for you.这儿给你一杯茶。
Here comes John.瞧约翰来了。
Now comes your turn.现在该你了。
Then came a new difficulty.这时又产生了一个新的困难。
Here is Chinas largest tropical forest.这儿有中国最大的热带雨林。
Here are some picturebooks for you.这儿给你几本小人书。
Here we are. This is our new railway station.咱们到了。这是我们的新火车站。
If Adam can do it so can I.如果亚当能做到，我也能。
Nancy was right and so are you.南希是对的，你也对。
I dont like it. Neither do I.我不喜欢它。我也不喜欢。
I dont know and neither do I care.我不知道，我也不在乎。
I didnt see it and nor did you.我没看见它，你也没看见它。
He never went again nor did he write to apologize.他没再去，也没去信表示歉意。
Nor will I deny that.我也不会否认这一点。
Should you require If you should require anything give me a ring.如果需要什么，可以给我打电话。
Should they decide to investigate it we would welcome it.如果他们决定调查此事，我们会欢迎。
Were I Tom If I were Tom I would refuse.如果我是汤姆，我会拒绝。
Had I realized that I would have done something.我要是明白了这一点，我可能会采取某种行动。
Had it not been for the bad weather we would have arrived in time.若不是天气坏，我们就准时到达了。
Exhausted though she was there was no hope of her being able to sleep.尽管她很疲惫，却没有希望睡着。
Strange though it may seem he arrived early.尽管看来很奇怪，他却到得很早。
Try as I would I could not prevail upon him to accept the proposal.尽管我作了很大努力，却无法劝说好他接受这个建议。
Try as he may he will not pass the examination.尽管他可能会努力，他不会通过考试。
Intelligent as she was she had not much insight.她虽然聪明，却没有多少洞察力。
There was not a soul to be found in the house search as they would不管他们如何搜查，却在屋里找不到一个人。
Much as I admire him as a writer I do not like him as a man.虽然作为作家我很佩服他，作为一个人我却不喜欢他。
He was unable to make much progress hard as he tried.尽管他作了很大努力，却未能取得多大进展。
Never in history had technology made such spectacular advances.历史上科技从未有过这样神奇的进展。
Seldom has there been such a happy meeting.过去很少有过这样愉快的会议。
Little does he realize how important this meeting is.他不很明白这次会议多么重要。
Nowhere will you find better roses than these.哪儿你也找不到比这更好的玫瑰了。
Not only did he speak more correctly but he spoke more easily.不仅他讲话更正确，而且更轻松。
Scarcely had he gone out when it began to rain.他刚一出来天就下雨了。
Hardly had she arrived when it began to snow.她刚到就下起雪来了。
No sooner had he gone to sleep than the telephone rang once again.他刚睡着电话铃又响了。
Not once has she failed to keep her promise.她没有一次没遵守她的诺言。
Rarely do local matches live up to expectations.本地的球赛很少达到人们的期望。
Often did we warn them not to do so.我们曾多次警告过他们，不要这样做。
Well do I remember what you said when we last met.我清楚记得我们上次会面时你说的话。
Bitterly did we repent our decision.我们深深懊悔做出了这样的决定。
Gladly would he have given his life to save the child.如果能救这孩子，他连牺牲自己的生命也高兴。
Brightly shone the moon that night.那天晚上月亮特别亮。
On no account must this switch be touched.这个开关绝不能碰。
Only in this way can our honour be saved.只有这样，才能保住我们的荣誉。
In vain did they try to save it他们设法救它，却没有成功。
Not until I had read your letter did I understand the true state of affairs.直到我看过你的信，我才了解事实真相。
Under no circumstances could I agree to such a principle.在任何情况下，我都不能同意这一原则。
In no circumstances must a soldier leave his post.在任何情况下，士兵都不能离开他的岗位。
At no point south of the river did the enemy advance more than a mile.在江的南边的任何地方，敌人都前进不到一英里。
So absorbed was he she hadnt dared to make a sound.他是那样聚精会神，她一点声音都不敢出。
So loudly did he speak that even people in the next room could hear him.他讲话声音那么大，隔壁屋里的人都听得见。
In the doorway stood a man with a gun.门道里站着一个拿枪的人。
After the banquet came a firework display in the garden.宴会后，花园里燃放了烟火。
Over the wall came a shower of stones.从墙上飞来一阵石块。
Before them lay miles of undulating moorland.他们前面是一片高低起伏的荒原。
On every side stretched fields of luxuriant green wheat.四周都是葱茏的麦田。
From the distance came occasional shots.远处传来零星的枪声。
Through the window came wafts of intoxicating fragrance.从窗子里吹进一阵阵醉人的清香。
Next to it stood a pile of paper cups.它旁边有一堆纸杯。
To the list may be added the following names.名单上还可加上下面这些名字。
At the top of the hill stood a tiny temple.在小山顶上有一座小小的寺庙。
In the distance could be seen the purple mountains.远方可以看到紫色的高山。
Along the river banks stood stacks of hay.沿着河岸是一座座草垛。
On the heels of the drought came a new disaster.继干旱之后又发生新的突害。
She rang the bell. In came a girl she had not seen before.她按铃，进来一个她从未见过的姑娘。
Up went the arrow into the air飕的一声，箭射上了天。
Following the roar out rushed a tiger from among the bushes.一声吼叫，呼地从丛林中冲出一只老虎。
Down came the rain and up went the umbrellas.雨开始下起来，雨伞也都打开。
Away went the runners.赛跑的人冲了出去。
Out sprang the cuckoo.布谷鸟跳了出来。
Round and round flew the plane.飞机反复盘旋。
The door opened and in she came.门开了，她走了进来。
Lying on the floor was a boy aged about seventeen.躺在地板上的是一个约莫十七岁的男孩。
Standing beside the table was an interpreter.站在桌旁的是一位翻译。
Hanging from the rafters were strings of onions.挂在椽子上的是一串串洋葱。
Standing in the doorway was a man with a gun.立在门道里的是一个带枪的人。
Visiting Beijing were 300 Japanese young people.访问北京的是三百日本青年。
Running across it is a stream named Peach Brook.穿过这里，有一条溪流叫作桃花溪。
A boy aged seventeen was lying on the floor.一个约莫十七岁的男孩躺在地板上。
Watching the performances were mostly foreign tourists.观看演出的多数是外国游客。
Seated on the ground are a group of young people.坐在地上的是一伙年青人。
Hidden underground is a wealth of gold silver copper lead and zinc.地下埋藏了大量的金、银、铜、铅和锌。
The most widely distributed is the Hui people.分布最广的是回族。
Housed in the Cultural Palace are a library an auditorium and recreation rooms.文化宫里有图书馆、礼堂和游艺室。
Scattered like stars in the deep mountains are numerous reservoirs and ponds.在深山里有无数星罗棋布的水库和蓄水池。
Most frequented by tourists is the Juyonguan section.游人最多的是居庸关一段。
Shown together with these products were models of steel works and blast furnaces.和这些产品一道展出的还有钢铁厂和高炉的模型。
aOn the other side was northern Xinjiang.在另一边是北疆。
Near the southern end of the village was a large pear orchard.靠近村子南头有一座很大的梨园。
Among its products are farm machines and mining equipment.它的产品中有农业机械和采矿设备。
On either side were rows of fruit trees.两边是一排排的果树。
Next to it is another restaurant where we can have Chinese food.在它旁边还有一家餐馆，在那里可以吃中餐。
Around the lake are a huge number of farms.湖的四周有大量农场。
bHigher up were forests of white birches.再往高处去就是一片片白桦林。
Nearby are houses built by the peasants themselves.附近就是农民们自己盖的房子。
Worst of all is the humiliations he suffered.最糟糕的是他受的那些屈辱。
Especially popular are the musical and theatrical groups.特别受欢迎的是音乐组和戏剧组。
Below is a restaurant.下面是一座餐馆。
Southwest of the reservoir were 2000 mu of sandy wasteland.在水库西南有两千亩沙荒地。
Long live the solidarity of the people of the world!世界人民大团结万岁！
May your country grow prosperous and strong!祝贵国繁荣富强！
aYouve eaten the lot! cried Frank.你全吃掉了！弗兰克叫道。
Ive just heard the news said Tom.我刚听说这消息，汤姆说。
Youre late. whispered Jack.你迟到了，杰克低声说。
bDo sit down said my hostess.请坐，我的女主人说。
Help! Help! cried the little girl.救命，救命！小姑娘叫道。
I am aware of that replied the Englishman.这个我知道，那英国人说。
Ive just heard the news Tom said.我才听到这消息，汤姆说。
But it will take longer Bill objected.可那会花很长时间的，比尔反对说。
That man is a famous film star Bill told me in a whisper.那人是个著名的电影明星，比尔低声对我说。
aVery grateful we are for your help.我们非常感激你的帮助。
A very reliable person he is to be sure.他是个非常可靠的人，没问题。
So sudden was the attack that we had no time to escape.袭击是那样突然，我们没有时间逃走。
Such was his strength that he could bend iron bars.他力气是那样大，连铁棍都能弯曲。
bHe was born poor and poor he remained all his life.他出身很穷，过了一辈子的穷困生活。
He was loyal to the country loyal he remained until he gave up his life for it.他忠于祖国，直到为它献出自己的生命。
Well win through and win through we shall.我们会胜利，肯定我们是会获胜的。
But however long it takes solve it we must.不管要用多少时间，这问题我们一定要解决。
That day will not come very quickly or easily but come it surely will.这一天不会很快轻易地到来，但一定是会来的。
She is writing her thesis.她在写她的论文。
Have you seen my key?你看到我的钥匙了吗？
We are looking for an apartment.我们在找房子。
Who are you talking about?你们在谈谁？
How many chapters have you read?你看了多少章了？
What fine work they are doing!他们干得多好呀！
What a good heart you have!你的心肠真好！
Dont lose heart whatever you do.不管你做什么，都不要灰心。
Whichever plan you adopt you will encounter difficulties.不管你选择哪个计划你都会遇到困难。
She is the girl that you saw in school.她就是你在学校见到的那个姑娘。
Then I telephoned the doctor who m she recommended.于是我给她推荐的医生打了电话。
What you need is more patience.你需要的是更大的耐心。
She was at a loss which road she should take.她不知道该走哪条路好。
She showed me the map.她把地图拿给我看。
Tell us the whole story.把整个情况讲给我们听。
They sent Mrs. Green 500.他们寄给格林太太五百英镑。
Ill get you something to drink.我给你弄点饮料来。
She showed the map to me.
I bought a book for Mary.
Tell us something interesting.给我们讲点有趣的事。
Show me what youve got in your hand.把你手上的东西拿给我看看。
I had to show my pass to the man at the door.我得把通行证拿给门口的人看。
We kept seats for those who might arrive late.我们给可能来晚的人留了座位。
Give it to him then!那么就把它给他好了！
关于这类结构可参阅第169及170节。
When they scented my fear they would attack. This I know.当他们觉察我的恐惧时他们会袭击。这一点我是清楚的。
These three letters Id like to send by ordinary mail and this one by registered mail.这三封信我想寄平信，这一封寄挂号。
All this we must take fully into account.这一切我们必须充分考虑。
This the students can understand.这一点学生们是理解的。
What Im going to do next I dont quite know.下一步我该怎么干我还不太清楚。
How he escaped from the prison camp nobody knew.他怎样从战俘营逃出来的没有人知道。
What he has once heard he never forgets.他听过一次的话，他再也不会忘记。
What they do they do with all their will and might.他们干什么都全力以赴地去干。
Whether they like it or not I dont care.他们喜不喜欢，我才不管哩。
That she is a good girl I know.她是一个好姑娘，我是知道的。
What they were asked to do in seven days they finished in two.让他们七天干完的事，他们两天就完成了。
Whatever we have achieved we owe to your support.我们取得的一切成就都归功于你们的支持。
They turned down a proposal put forward by Mr. Brown.他们否决了布朗先生的提案。
She turned off all the lights which had been left on.她把没关的灯都关了。
Please write everything it down.请把一切它写下来。
Lets send the children them away.咱们把孩子们他们送走吧。
关于短语动词，可参阅第21节及第305节。
Here I wish to extend to you our warmest welcome.这里我愿意向你表示最热烈的欢迎。
They found half hidden among the rocks a plant which they had never seen be fore.他们发现一株从来没见过的植物半隐半现在岩石中间。
Many people consider impossible what really is possible.许多人把本来可以做到的事认为不可能做到。
This was her first day up.这是她下床的第一天。
The building around were badly damaged.附近的楼房受到严重损毁。
On our trip abroad we visited relatives in Belgium.我们在国外旅行时看望了在比利时的亲戚。
Anyone intelligent can do it.任何有脑子的人都能做这事。
Theres something unusual in her voice.她声音有些反常。
Theres nothing wrong with the machine.机器没有毛病。
He stayed at work when everyone else had gone home.别人都回家了，他还在干活。
I met someone who said he knew you.我碰到一个人，他说认识你。
People whose rents have been raised can appeal.房租被增加的人可以投诉。
She was annoyed by something that I had said.她被我说的一句话得罪了。
That block which cost 5 million to build has been empty for years.那座大楼花了五百万英镑修建，却空了许多年。
It was a bolt from the blue.这真是一个晴天霹雳。
At last a girl in blue came over.最后，一个穿蓝色衣裳的姑娘走了过来。
Who is that girl with yellow hair?黄头发的女孩是谁？
She was a young woman of character.她是一个有个性的青年女子。
Sentences containing such clauses are called complex sentences.包含这种从句的句子称为复合句。
Here are the seats reserved for you.这儿是给你们留的座位。
Their attempt to cross the river failed.他们渡江的企图失败了。
Who will be the first to speak?谁第一个发言？
On the top of the hill there is a pagoda about a hundred feet high.山顶上有一座大约十丈高的宝塔。
Soldiers normally timid dont fight well.平时胆小的士兵打起仗来也不行。
He suggested a method at once economical and practical.他提出了一个既经济又切实可行的办法。
When they got into the boat there was a light breeze blowing.他们上船时，河上吹着一阵和风。
He urged all concerned to take an active part in the work.他敦促所有有关的人都积极参加这项工作。
We must have a clear idea of all the problems involved.我们必须对所有牵涉到的问题有一个清楚的概念。
关于这个问题，可参阅第263265节。
What is there to laugh at?有什么值得笑的？
All we have left are some pictures of the Suzhou gardens.我们剩的只有一些苏州园林的图片了。
Can you make out who those people are standing by Mr. White?你能不能看清站在怀特先生旁边的人是谁？
这是因为所修饰的名词或代词需要放在句首，而修饰它的定语又不能提前的缘故。
Is there anyone in the class interested in going?班上有谁有兴趣去？
Is there a train I can take going to Xian tonight?今晚有没有我能搭的开往西安的火车？
There are some books we have here which might interest you.我们这儿有几本书可能你会感兴趣。
I saw a man in uniform standing at the gate.我看见一个穿制服的男子站在大门口。
关于此问题，可参阅第263节。
aIll come again tomorrow on Monday.我明天星期一再来。
We checked in at the hotel yesterday.我们是昨天住进这家旅馆的。
It was very hot here in summer.这儿夏天炎热。
She lives in London now.她现在住在伦敦。
I stood at the door and waited.我站在门口等。
She packed carefully.她仔细收拾行李。
bI enjoyed the course immensely.我非常喜欢这个课程。
She started her job last Thursday.她是上星期四开始工作的。
He took the picture down carefully.他细心地把画取了下来。
I havent seen her since 1994.1994年之后我就没见到过她了。
I know I have to do it this way.我知道我得这样做。
I admired him greatly.我非常佩服他。
She lives at 49 Bond Street Berkeley California.她住在加州伯克利市庞德街49号。
In the garden everything was peaceful.在花园里一切都那么宁静。
Gently Fanny leaned forward and wiped the old ladys tears away.范妮温存地俯身向前，把老太太脸上的眼泪擦掉。
In his excitement he forgot to give her the letter.一时激动他忘了把信给她。
After much discussion they decided to adopt the proposal.经过多次讨论，他们决定通过这项议案。
At the end of the book there is an index.书末有一个附录。
On hearing Hearing that the game had been cancelled we went home.听说比赛取消了，我们就回家了。
aFrankly Im not satisfied with your work.坦率地说，我对你的工作不满意。
Honestly I think you are a little prejudiced.说真的，我觉得你有点偏见。
In conclusion Id like say how much Ive enjoyed staying here.最后我想说，我在这里的一段时间是多么高兴。
To tell you the truth we dont have a very good opinion of him.说真心话，我们对他的印象不太好。
Judging from what you say he ought to succeed.从你的话看，他应当可以成功。
No doubt she loves him too.毫无疑问，她也爱他。
bHe promised to come and sure enough he did.他答应来，果然来了。
You werent boring me. On the contrary you interested me immensely.你并没让我发烦，相反，你使我很感兴趣。
He gambled heavily. As a result he lost a lot of money.他赌博赌得厉害，结果输了很多钱。
The rain was heavy and consequently the land was flooded.雨下得很大，结果土地被淹了。
Mother went shopping; meanwhile I cleaned the house.我母亲去买东西，与此同时我则在家里搞卫生。
Im not looking for a job and furthermore Im not going to look for a job.我不是在找工作，而且我也不准备找工作。
How long have you been waiting?你等多久了？
In which year were you born?你哪年出生的？
For what purpose did you invite me to come here?你们请我到这里来是为了什么目的？
aI recently went to Berlin.我最近到柏林去了。
Tom already knows the truth.汤姆已经知道事实真相了。
Im still waiting for my passport.我还在等我的护照。
Ive just finished reading the paper.我刚看完报纸。
I quickly became aware that she was looking at me.我很快意识到她在瞧我。
We carefully wrapped the tool in several layers of foam plastic.我们仔细地把那工具用几层泡沫塑料包好。
bFred in his own way was a greatly actor.弗雷德，以其独特的方式，是一位伟大的演员。
An old peasant bringing his own food volunteered to work as a guide for us.一位老农，自带粮食，要给我们当向导。
The audience greatly affected by his speech all voiced support for the proposal.听众受他讲话的影响，都表示支持这项建议。
My name must on no account be mentioned to anyone.我的名字绝不要向任何人提起。
Your suggestion to be frank will only get us into trouble.你的建议，说实在的，只会给我们造成困难。
The girl on waking up found the woman had gone.女孩醒来时发现那女人已经走了。
We camped there because it was too dark to go我们在那里宿营，因为天已太黑，不能再往前走了。
His speech went on for so long that people began to fall asleep.他的演讲是那样冗长，人们开始睡着了。
Theyve moved twice since they got married.他们结婚后已搬了两次家。
I always keep candles in the house in case there is a power cut.我家里总放些蜡烛以防停电。
Even if you dont like him you can still be polite.即使你不喜欢他，也可客气一点。
Patient as he was he didnt like waiting that long.他虽说有耐心，也不愿等这么长。
However rich people are they always seem anxious to make more money.不管人多么有钱，他们似乎老想赚更多的钱。
As it froze hard that night there was ice everywhere next day.由于那天夜里有严重霜冻，第二天到处结冰。
Such things whether you like it or not do happen from time to time.这种事情，不管你愿不愿意，总是时有发生的。
This viewpoint however understandable it is is wrong.这种观点尽管是可以理解的，却是错误的。
The girl though still a child can already recite poems.这女孩，尽管还很小，已经能背诵诗了。
His pronunciation if not good is at least tolerable.他的发音如果说不算好，也还过得去。
aShe often does this.她常常这样做。
He sometimes goes there on business.他有时到那里出差。
I hardly ever heard him singing.我几乎从未听他唱过歌。
We occasionally saw him walking along the river bank.我们偶尔看到他在河边散步。
bYou can always contact me on 21460748.你总可以打电话到21460748和我联系。
He has never been late.他从未迟到过。
Have you ever thought of applying for a job abroad?你是否曾经想过在国外找工作？
They dont often hold such parties.他们不常开这样的晚会。
cShe is seldom ill.她很少生病。
I was never very good at maths.我的数学从来不好。
Public transport isnt always very reliable.公共交通工具并不总是很可靠的。
Jim is sometimes not very punctual.吉姆有时不太准时。
aSometimes we get a lot of rain in August.有时八月份雨水很多。
Quite often the phone rings when Im in a bath.常常我洗澡时电话铃响了。
Occasionally she would be there with us.偶尔她会来和我们在一起。
bIt snowed occasionally.偶尔会下雪。
Ill love you always.我会永远爱你。
I dont come here often.我不常到这里来。
He never should have joined the army.他根本不应当参军。
The film was quite good.那影片相当好。
I dont like coffee very much.我不太喜欢喝咖啡。
The lecture was fairly good.报告相当不错。
Its a rather sad story.这是一个相当凄惨的故事。
I arrived at the station too late.我到达车站太晚了。
The party was so nice!晚会开得真好！
The traffic is moving pretty slowly.车辆开得相当缓慢。
关于上面两类副词，可分别参阅第291293节。
What he asserts is only theoretically true.他的提法只是理论上正确。
These trees come into blossom early in spring.这些树早春时开花。
The medicine is to be taken three times a day preferably before meals.这药一天吃三次，最好饭前吃。
The situation is serious enough.形势够严重的。
She could not walk fast enough.她没法走得足够快。
I Thank you.谢谢你。
Its Very good.很好。
Youre Quite right.很对。
Really?真的吗？
Wonderful!好极了！
这种现象称为省略ellipsis。这种句子称为省略句elliptical sentences。
I Beg your pardon.请再说一遍。
Havent seen you for ages!好久不见了！
Second the motion!附议！
It Doesnt matter.没关系。
Serves him right!活该！
Looks like rain.像是要下雨的样子。
Do you Want some?你要一点吗？
Have you Had a good time?玩得好吗？
Weve Got to go now.得走了。
Is there Anything you want?你要什么东西吗？
There Ought to be a comma here.这儿应该有一个逗号。
Is Anything the matter?有什么问题吗？
Does Anybody need help?有谁需要帮忙吗？
Are You hungry?你饿吗？
Is The machine still not working?机器还不能开？
Which of them is the better choice? Well its hard to tell it.他们谁是更合适的人选？嗯，这很难说。
Where is George? I dont know.乔治在哪里？我不知道。
What a pity it is you cant go with us!真遗憾你不能和我们一道去！
Sorry Im late.对不起来晚了。
Tired?你累了吗？
You have got the Wrong number.电话号码错了。
Come This way please.请这边走。
Looking for me?你找我？
He didnt come though he had promise to.他答应来却没来。
The Trouble is we dont have enough tools to go round.问题是工具不够用。
Of Course thats only a beginning.当然这只是一个开头。
They would stay if they could.如果他们能留下是会留下的。
I think we need it more than they do.我想我们比他们更需要它。
Never heard of such a thing.从来没听过这样的事。
Leaving so early?这么早就走？
Sounds fine to me.听起来不错。
What you got there?你那儿是什么？
Afraid I cant come.恐怕我不能来了。
Got any carbon paper?有复写纸吗？
Where did you put the key? In the desk drawer.你把钥匙放哪儿了？在书桌抽屉里。
Shes not coming. Why?她不来了。为什么？
Better today? Much better.你今天好些了吗？好多了。
Is Mary coming to the party? Im afraid not.玛丽来参加晚会吗？恐怕不来了。
As usual he arrived last.和平常一样他最后一个到。
She was feeling a little better than usual.她感到比平时好一点了。
We comforted her as best we could.我们尽量安慰她。
Then we came to the grasslands. Marshes everywhere. No birds! No trees! No houses! Not a soul to be seen!然后我们来到草地。到处是沼泽，没有飞鸟！没有树木！没有房舍！没有人烟！
My goodness!我的天呀！
Good gracious!我的上帝呀！
Thanks a lot!多谢！
Hands up!举起手来！
Out with it.说出来吧。
Away with you!滚开！
No entry!不得入内！
No smoking禁止吸烟！
Glad to see you.很高兴见到你。
Hope to hear from you soon.希望不久能接到你的来信。
Not feeling very well today.今天感到不太舒服。
Happy New Year.The same to you.新年快乐。也祝你新年快乐。
Must have gone home.准是回家了。
Nice day again.又一个好天。
No change in the plan until further notice.接到新的通知之前计划不作更动。
We are not going to Japan.At least not for the present.我们不准备去日本，至少目前不准备去。
Have a pleasant journey!祝旅途愉快！
Goodbye. A pleasant trip.再见。祝旅途愉快。
Goodbye and good luck to you both.再见，祝你们两人好运。
A thousand thanks for your invitation.非常感谢你的邀请。
So pleased to have made your acquaintance.认识了你很高兴。
How are you getting along with your work? Pretty well.你的工作进行得怎样？还不错。
How is the weather? Going to clear up.天气怎么样？快晴了。
When are we due to arrive? In about two hours.我们什么时候能到？大约两个钟头后能到。
Are you interested? Very.你有兴趣吗？很有兴趣。
Will you join us? I should love to你愿和我们一道去吗？我愿意。
Are you ready? Not quite.你准备好了吗？没完全准备好。
Have you spoken to him? Not yet.你跟他谈了吗？还没有。
Shall I get a couple more chairs? Yes please.要不要再搬一两把椅子来？请搬一两把来。
Are you tired? Not very.你累吗？不太累。
Whats your name? George.你叫什么名字？乔治。
How long have you been away? About a month.你离开多久了？大约一个月。
How much money do you need? Two hundred pounds.你需要多少钱？两百英镑。
Do you think its very important? Maybe.你认为这很重要吗？可能。
Where are you going? To the supermarket.你到哪儿去？到超级市场去。
How do you feel? Just a bit dizzy.你感觉怎样？只是有点头晕。
It looks like a shower. Yes somewhat.看起来要下一阵雨了。有点像。
I imagine thats a very old building. Very likely.我看这是一座古老的建筑。很可能是的。
I hope I am not disturbing you too much. Certainly not.我希望我这样不会过分打扰你。当然不会。
I hope you wont mind my going with you. Not in the least.我希望你不介意我和你们一道去。我毫不介意。
The play was touching.Yes and very instructive too.这个剧很感人。是的，而且很有教育意义。
Theyre starting up a new arts centre. Are they?他们正在创办一个新艺术中心。是吗？
Judy has bought a TVset. When?朱迪买了一台电视。什么时候买的？
I went to an exhibition this morning. With whom?我今天早上去看了一个展览会。和谁去的？
He wont come. Why？他不来了。为什么？
Theres someone coming. Who?有人要来。谁？
He specializes in anthropology.What?他是专门学人类学的。学什么？
疑问句有时也可以有词省略？
Going to Shanghai?你到上海去？
Had your breakfast?吃过早饭了吗？
Going to be a fine day isnt it?今天会是个大晴天，对吧？
Finished your work? Almost.工作干完了吗？差不多了。
Anybody against it?有人反对吗？
Anything I can do for you?我能帮你做什么事吗？
A nice girl isnt she?她是个好姑娘对吧？
Why not?为什么不呢？
What next?下一步怎么样？
What if it rains tomorrow?明天下雨怎么办？
Carefully please.请细心一点。
A little more slowly.再慢一点。
Just a drop more.再喝一点。
A chocolate icecream please.请给我一份巧克力冰淇淋。
A pound of butter.给我一磅黄油。
Quick!快！
Gently please.请慢一点。
Attention!立正！
Hands up or I shoot!举起手来，否则就开枪了！
Hands off! cried the man.不要碰，那人叫道。
What a magnificent building!多么雄伟的建筑！
Just wonderful!太妙了！
Excellent!好极了！
How nice!多好呀！
Very good!很好！
Stupid!愚蠢！
Nonsense!胡说！
Look! How sweet!瞧！多美！
Such an intelligent girl!这样聪明的姑娘！
How nice of you to come!你来了真好。
Rubbish!胡说八道！
Lovely!太好了！
Senator to Seek Reelection参议员争取再次当选。
What to do in an emergency?紧急情况下怎么办？
How to learn a foreign language?如何学外语？
Will it rain tomorrow? I hope not.明天会下雨吗？我希望别下。
Can you postpone it? I am afraid not.能延期吗？我想不行。
Will she be here tonight? I dont think she will.她今晚会来吗？我想她不会。
Can we finish the work this week? I dont suppose we can.我们这星期能干完这工作吗？我想不行。
How soon shall we know the results? I dont know.我们多久能知道结果？我不知道。
Where does he live? I have no idea.他住哪儿？我不知道。
When will they be back? Who knows.他们什么时候回来？谁知道。
His father came here yesterday. Yes I know.昨天他父亲来了。我知道。
Is he very ill? Im afraid so.他病得厉害吗？我想很厉害。
Is she coming? I think guess so.她会来吗？我想会来。
Will it be fine tomorrow? I hope so.明天天气会好吗？我希望会好。
This is understandable. At least I find it so.这是可以理解的。至少我感到是这样。
Shes not free today. If so well have to put the meeting off.她今天没空。如果这样，会议可能要推迟了。
I hope it will prove so.希望情形会证明是这样。
Martin wants to write but hes afraid to say so.马丁想写作，但害怕这样说。
I told you so from the first.我从一开头就这样对你说。
I know she enjoys the work. Dont you think so?我知道她干这工作很高兴。你不认为是这样吗？
Is everything going all right? Well not so smoothly as we expected though.一切都进展得好吗？嗯，可没有料想的那样顺利。
Do they produce chemical fertilizers? Not any that I know of.他们生产化肥吗？据我所知他们不生产。
Did you know anything about it? Not until you told me.这事你以前知道吗？你告诉我了才知道。
Are you determined to go? Unless my parents dont approve of it.你决心要去吗？除非我父母不同意。
Shall I make a fair copy of it? Yes if time permits.我要不要把它誊写一遍？如果时间允许就誊写一遍。
Look out for cars when your are crossing the street.过街时注意车辆。
When it is taken according to the instructions the drug has no side effects.若按说明服用，本药无任何副作用。
While he was doing so he trembled a little.他这样做时稍稍颤抖了一下。
While in London he studied the English labour movement.在伦敦时他研究了英国的工人运动。
Where necessary improvements will be made.在必要的地方将作一些改进。
He acted as if certain of success.他表现得对成功很有把握似的。
If possible let me know beforehand.如果可能，可在事前通知我。
Though exhausted he stayed up late.尽管疲惫不堪，他仍很晚才睡。
Unless paying by credit card please pay in cash.除非用信用卡付款，否则请付现金。
Although built ten years ago the house still looks new.这座房子尽管是十年前修建的，看起来却像新的。
Unless changed this bill is likely to be rejected.除非经过修正，否则这项法案很可能被否决。
Once in the examination hall he forgot about all this.他一进考场，这一切他都忘了。
She hurried out of the room as if angry.她匆匆走出屋去，好像很生气的样子。
Whenever possible the children play outside.每当可能，孩子们总在外边玩耍。
Avoid structures of this kind wherever possible.只要可能，都要避免这种结构。
Her daughters were of some help however small.她的女儿们总能帮些忙，不管多小的忙。
aBoth houses were as clean as could be.两座房子都极其干净。
The situation there was not as bad as had been painted.那里的局势并不像描绘的那么糟。
As scheduled they met on January 20.他们按计划在一月二十日碰了头。
Owing to the rain the garden party did not take place as advertised.由于下雨，游园会没有按照广告说的时间举行。
His brain was just full of knowledge as theirs.他的脑袋也和他们的一样充满知识。
She doesnt work as hard as him he does.她不及他用功。
We waited as calmly as we could.我们尽量冷静地等着。
I shall come along as often as possible.我将尽量多来。
Ill be round as quick as possible.我将尽快来。
She urged him to come as soon as possible.她催促他尽快来。
bTwo eyes can see more than one.两只眼睛比一只眼睛看得真。
I know you better than her.我对你的了解比对她深。
He sings better than me.他比我唱得好。
Its easier than I thought.它比我想象的容易。
There were more casualties than was reported.伤亡比报道的多。
They arrived earlier than usual.他们到得比平时早。
It was even colder than yesterday.今天比昨天还要冷。
You are a little fatter than when I saw you last.你比我上次见你时胖点了。
She was more surprised than angry.她吃惊甚于生气。
In our company every body is well taken care of no matter what his position is.在我们公司，每个人都得到很好的照顾，不管他地位如何。
Anyone no matter who he is may point out our shortcomings.我们的缺点，任何人不管是谁向我们指出都行。
Whatever her faults are shes Arnolds mother.不管她有什么缺点，她总是安诺德的母亲。
The country is always beautiful whatever the season.不管是什么季节，这一带总是那么美。
The sooner the better.越早越好。
We are going to the seaside whatever the weather.不管天气如何，我们都要去海边。
I refuse however favourable the condition.不管条件多好，我都不接受。
Try as I would I could not make her change her mind.不管我多努力，也不能让她改变主意。
Clever as you may be you cannot do that.尽管你聪明，你却做不了这件事。
He was unable to make much progress hard as he tried.尽管他做了努力，却未能取得很大进展。
Tired as they were they went on working.尽管很累，他们仍继续干。
There was no one to be found in the house search as they would.尽管他们努力搜寻，屋子里却找不到一个人。
The less said the better.话越少越好。
Easy come easy go.钱来得快去得快。
Nothing ventured nothing gained.不冒风险难有收获。
Once bitten twice shy.一朝被咬，经常担心。
More haste less speed.欲速则不达。
Like father like son.有其父必有其子。
Out of sight out of mind.眼不见，心不烦。
Is there Anything you want to take with you?有什么东西你要带去吗？
Is there Nothing more you want to say?没有更多话要说了吗？
Is there Anyone wishing to go?有谁想去吗？
Its Too bad youre leaving so soon.真遗憾你这么早就要走。
Its So nice youre all here.你们都在这里太好了。
Its Strange theres no one in the house.奇怪，屋里一个人也没有。
Im Sorry the line is busy.对不起，占线了。
I Hope youll like it希望你会喜欢。
I Dont know what theyll do next.不知道下一步他们怎么办。
If he doesnt want to do it wed better not force him to.如果他不想这样做，我们最好别勉强他这样做。
I will do it if you wish.如果你愿意我可以这样做。
I dont think he will do that.我想他不会。
Will she take the job? I believe not.她会接受这份工作吗？我相信不会。
Will he speak at the meeting? Im sure he will.他会在会上发言吗？他一定会。
Will they agree to the proposal? I guess not.他们会同意这项建议吗？我想不会。
At last he did what I asked him to.最后他按我的请求做了。
I shall do all I can do to help you.我将尽力帮助你。
Ill stay here for a few more days if I can.如果可能我将在这里再待几天。
I wont disturb you again unless I have to.除非必要我不会再打扰你了。
Dont tell me if you dont want to.如果你不愿意告诉我就别告诉我。
If not today tomorrow Im sure youll get an answer.如果今天得不到回信，明天准能得到。
Ill be back as soon as I can.我将尽快回来。
His opinion whether it be right or wrong should be considered.他的意见不管对不对都应当考虑。
Youre right. I guess I am.你是对的。我想我是对的。
Happy or sad carefree or worried she was always restrained in her expressions.不管她是高兴还是忧伤，轻松还是发愁，她的表情总是很平静。
Ill pay for the hotel if you will for the food.如果你付伙食钱，我可以付旅馆钱。
That he should have left without asking me?他竟然没征求我同意就走了！
That you could have married such a man!你竟嫁给了这样一个人！
Oh that the rain would stop!但愿雨能停下来！
To think he would come to anything like that!没想到他竟是这样的下场！
And to think that I trusted him!我竟然信任了他！
To think of his not knowing anything about it!没想到他对此竟一无所知！
If only she had had more courage!她要是再勇敢一点就好了！
Oh if he could only come!啊，要是他能来就好了！
You fool to forget your birthday!你这个傻瓜，连自己的生日都忘了！
Would that the end might never come!但愿能不断持续下去！
Some managed to vote but most of them didnt.有些人设法投票了，但多数人都没有。
She could have applied for that job but she didnt.她本可申请这份工作的，但她没有。
One soldier was killed and another wounded.有一名士兵被打死，另一名被打伤。
I tried to see it their way but I cant.我设法以他们的方式看待这事，但我办不到。
I work in a factory and my brother on a farm.我在工厂工作，我弟弟在农场工作。
My room is on the second floor and his on the third.我的房间在三楼，他的房间在四楼。
He maj ors in chemistry and I in physics.他主修化学，而我主修物理。
The scenery was beautiful and the acting superb.布景很漂亮，演出也很出色。
Someone borrowed my pen but I dont remember who.有人借了我的钢笔，但我不记得是谁了。
She cant explain it and I cant either.她不能解释，我也不能解释。
I cant do anything about it and neither can you.对此我不能做什么，你也不能做什么。
I didnt see your glasses; nor did Mary.我没看见你眼镜，玛丽也没有看见。
You must stop and stop at once this sort of behaviour.你必须停止这种行为，而且马上停止。
We tried to help her but we tried in vain.我们试图帮助她，但没有用。
He worked hard but without any success.他做了努力，但没有成功。
I wont go not until I have finished my exercises.我不去，在练习没做完前我不去。
She wouldnt stop working not even when I had asked her twice to stop.她不肯停止工作，我劝说了两次她还不停。
We still have shortcomings and they are very big ones too.我们还有缺点，而且是很大的缺点。
This happened and it was a good thing too for it helped us to realize our shortcomings.这事发生了，但也是一件好事，因为它帮助我们明白了我们的缺点。
He divorced her and a good thing too.他和她离了婚，这也是一件好事。
Hes gone at last and good riddance.最后他走了，也让人松了口气。
He was taken ill and no wonder considering he has been overworking for years.他生病了，也难怪，多少年他一直过度辛劳。
I spoke earnestly and they were yawning.我在认真地讲话，他们却在打呵欠。
He is a millionaire and his father is without a cent.他是百万富翁而他父亲却不名一文。
You are A policeman and you are so scared.你是警察还那么惊慌。
Now there is one more thing I want to send a package by air mail.嗯，还有一件事，我要寄一个航空包裹。
Well another thing have you sent out the invitation cards?啊，还有另外一件事，请帖你都寄出去了吗？
下面句子中的that、this代表前面分句的意思，这类句子也接近省略句：The poor girl Cossette was ordered to go out and fetch water and that on a terribly dark night.他们让这可怜的姑娘柯赛特出去打水，而且是在这样一个黑得要命的夜晚。
You must get out of the city and that quickly.你得出城，而且得快走。
You may put the meeting off and this only when it is absolutely necessary.你们可以把会议推迟，但只是在绝对必要时才能这样做。
Any major breakthrough and France would be finished.战线如有任何重要突破，法国就完了。
A few months more and the hydroelectric station would be providing power.再过几个月，水电站就要供电了。
He knows English very well.
He has a good knowledge of English.
He has a good command of English.
His English is perfect superb wonderful.
He has no job is without a job.
He is unemployed.
He is out of work a job.
He is jobless.
You are right to do that.
You are right in doing that.
Its right for you to do that.
把一种结构改为另一种结构来表达同样意思称为句型的转换transformation of sentence patterns。适当了解句型转换的方式可以丰富我们的语言表达能力。由于掌握了较多的表达方法，就可以选择最合适的形式来表达我们的思想，因而语言会更精确。
不能说一种说法比另一种好，但知道较多说法可以丰富我们的语言，掌握更多地道的表达方法。
方法多样可以使课堂生动。
很明显，他没有从我们的劝告中得到多少好处。
他们对我们的巨大成就感到惊异。
我们立刻出动，去追击敌人。
这是一个值得争论的问题。
你帮助我们太好了。
她讲的话并无前后矛盾之处。
他的傲慢态度使大家都不喜欢他。
她来晚了，延误了我们的出发时间。
你否认没有用。
学习语言要下苦功。
不管怎样劝，她的主意还是不肯改变。
得由你来作选择。
他决定当晚就和她谈清楚。
这些书任何图书馆里都有。
每种语言都反映了产生它的文化。
她总是注意对别人的责任。
他们反对改革。
你为什么没有对此作进一步的了解？
他因没遵守诺言表示道歉。
她朗诵了歌德的一首诗。
他申请护照。
你的建议对我们很宝贵。
这对她有好处吗？
他的讲话毫不重要。
这对你没用。
道路正在维修。
这问题正在讨论。
这事正在考虑。
那景色无法形容。
谣言不可信。
他的勇敢值得赞扬。
她的行为是值得赞扬的。
这种开支是可以避免的。
他的行为是有道理的。
城市要扩大就要延长交通线。
报告透露了他们处境的危险。
她的流利英语给他们留下了深刻的印象。
她对美丽的湖感到惊讶。
他不愿看到鸟被打死。
她喜欢身边有许多小孩。
我瞧着他吃早饭。
你有没有注意到她离开这房子？
他劝我们保持警惕。
他们总认为自己是对的。
我相信他是诚实的。
她认为他没有原则。
他鄙夷地笑了笑。
她故意这样做的。
我是偶然碰到她的。
约翰得意地把奖品带回了家。
我是来拿参考书的。
他们走过大街小巷来找寻这个女孩。
有一位先生找你。
他在忙着干活。
书一堆堆地放在地板上。
她和她母亲一道走了进来。
这是一项非常重要的发明。
他是一个智力很高的人。
她是一个富有想象力的孩子。
他是一位进步人士。
降低成本的运动取得了良好成果。
我们都参加了多读书的活动。
他们开始一个为协会增收会员的活动。
你们作了克服困难的计划了吗？
这是一件值得赞扬的事。
这是一个值得记住的日子。
他不是一个容易激动的人。
他们都认为这是一个值得赞扬的行为。
我想他们否认指控也不能改变事实。
我揣想他们晚到不会引起什么问题。
他知道他们是靠得住的。
他们告诉我约瑟夫很容易激动。
他了解了有什么要求之后，决定申请入会。
我听说她喜欢在国外旅行。
他们带着那样忌羡的眼光看着他，他感到很不安。
他说他不是有意这样做的。
这说明教育改革不是一件容易的事。
因此你可以看出这是一个难忘的日子。
她闪光的眼睛说明她多么兴奋。
他们抵抗得那样顽强，敌人被迫撤离。
她是那样不愿意离开我们，她伤心地哭了。
她说得那样诚恳，他深受感动。
当他们设法奉承他时，他眼中流露出鄙夷的神情。
没有迹象表明这情报是哪里来的。
他对我们在这项工作上花的时间和作的努力都非常欣赏，并以提出意见和给予帮助的方式表示出来。
她没有说什么，但眼睛里却有责备的情绪。
她仍然谦虚，赞扬或恭维对她都没有任何影响。
他钓了一整天的鱼，却只钓到两条鲑鱼。
附近似乎没有人，因此我就走了进去。
他摇了摇头，因为他有不同想法。
他说情况是这样，但他错了。
天气好被留在家里是很遗憾的。
问题是怎样执行这个计划。
她坚持要把她的车借给他们。
由于睡眠不足，她有点头晕。
想留下的人，可以留下。
这样浪费太遗憾了。
你这样为别人着想是好事。
你这样有同情心是好的。
她女儿睡觉这么晚使她担心。
他这样的表现是很奇怪的。
要开这么多会是伤脑筋的。
他们把那些工厂都关掉是一场灾难。
我的意见是马上就干。
问题是要迅速找到一个地方。
问题是下一步怎么办。
她的主要忧虑是她缺乏经验。
困难是我们没有足够的人手。
她的建议是我们用法语交谈。
麻烦的是他们自己不能取得一致的意见。
你的问题是你缺乏毅力。
一个问题是他不能集中思想。
他的问题是缺课太多。
一个条件是她必须参加他们的活动。
我建议他把它寄给泰戈尔。
他忘了曾答应给她写信。
我记得有一次和你谈到过她。
她否认曾到过那里。
我们期望你会留下。
医生要求她卧床。
现在告诉我该怎么办。
我将给你讲这怎么做。
伦敦码头工人要求增加工资。
他命令释放这个人。
他们请求他立即辞职。
这都取决于你如何处理。
有许多因素我们需要考虑。
现在已没有什么办法可想了。
我们应当采取什么主要措施呢？
这不是什么值得我们羞愧的事。
这是我们订的桌子。
你认为乔治提出的计划如何？
在那里学习的多数是残疾儿童。
你们中间想参加这次游览的人可以在这里签名。
我们的部队这时已控制所有桥头堡，马上就可以向南推进了。
我把我所掌握的钱全给了他。
玛丽亚是一个个性强的姑娘，当然不甘心落后。
她的女儿，已长大成人，在店里帮忙。
她到了村子里，看见有几台拖拉机在地里工作。
她收拾好行李之后就去预订车票。
由于她做这工作是新手，她对自己没有足够的信心。
由于她妈过世了，她不得不照顾她的妹妹。
当问到他是谁时，他说他是市长。
由于出生在贫苦农民家庭，他没能上大学。
如果你被接受担任这个职位，将在下周通知你。
从远处看这座山像一只乌龟。
你是谁竟这样讲话？
她兴奋得睡不着了。
对不起踩了你的脚。
在接到新的通知以前不要开始这项工作。
抵达机场时她给我打了一个电话。
要不是有你帮忙，我们是不会成功的。
如果我不在可让我弟弟帮助你。
unhappiness既加前缀，又加后缀。
b类缩写词称为Acronyms首字母缩拼词。
Let me have a try.我来试一试。
We stopped there for a swim.我在那儿停下来游了一会儿泳。
I like a quiet read after supper.晚饭后我喜欢静静地看一会儿书。
She gave an amused laugh.她感到有趣地笑了一笑。
She gave a cry when he came in.他进来时她叫了一声。
We might take a stroll.我们可以去蹓蹓。
He gave a shout of triumph.他得意地叫了一声。
She had a good cry.她好好哭了一顿。
Helen gave him a hug.海伦拥抱了他一下。
He gave her hand a squeeze.他捏了一下她的手。
She gave him a long kiss.她给了他一个长吻。
He was about the same build as his brother.他的体型和他哥哥差不多。
Last years catch was 21 million tons.去年的捕鱼量为两千一百万吨。
This was a decisive move.这是决定性的一步。
Com is used as chicken feed.玉米可用作鸡饲料。
He had no say in the matter.在这件事上他没有发言权。
He won two games; the other two were draws.他赢了两局，另外两局打平了。
The mayor took the lead and subscribed 20.市长带头捐了二十英镑。
He took leave after thanking the host.向主人表示感谢后他就告辞了。
Now let me have a go.现在我来试试。
A good dancer never misses a beat.优秀的舞蹈演员一个节拍都不会错。
Have you booked your ticket?你的票订好了吗？
Who is to chair the meeting?谁来主持会议？
He pinned great hopes on us.他对我们寄托了很大希望。
It can seat a thousand people.它能坐一千人。
We have mapped out a plan of the campaign.我们已制定了开展这个运动的计划。
The speaker pictured the suffering of the poor.演讲人描绘了穷人的痛苦。
He hurriedly pencilled the time on it.他匆忙用铅笔在上面写下时间。
By noon he had bagged three hares。到中午时他已捕获三只野兔。
The machine bottles 15000 jars of cold cream a day.这台机器每天能装一万五千瓶冷霜。
The money was all pocketed by corrupt officials.这钱都进了贪官污吏的腰包。
He hammered a nail into the wall.他在墙上打了一颗钉子。
The government tabled a motion.政府提出了一项动议。
I handed in my resignation.我交上我的辞呈。
Weve got to back him up.我们必须支持他。
He must shoulder his responsibilities.他必须肩负他的责任。
She fingered the silk gently.她轻轻地抚摸那缎子。
The maize and millet were earing.玉米和粟子正在抽穗。
He eyed her every movement.他定睛瞧着她的每一个动作。
Shes always nosing into other peoples business.她总爱管别人的闲事。
An actor who mouths his words is a poor actor.演员如果做作地说话就是蹩脚的演员。
I elbowed my way through the crowd.我推挤着穿过人群。
The boys footed the whole ten miles.小伙子们步行了整整十英里。
Theyll never stomach that sort of attitude.他们绝不能忍受那种态度。
Whats the use of trying to fool me that way?设法这样骗我有什么用？
She nursed me day and night for three weeks.三个礼拜她日夜护理我。
The group was hosted by the ambassador.这群人受到大使的招待。
He feels he can doctor himself for just a common cold.他感到这样的普通感冒他自己就可以治。
An order was given to man the boats.发出命令给船配备人员。
He had soldiered in France in his youth.他年轻时在法国当过兵。
The army was officered by brave men.这支军队由勇敢的人指挥。
He fathered the plan.这计划是他提出的。
The Wright brothers pioneered in early aviation.在早期航空事业中莱特兄弟起了开拓的作用。
Spying is dangerous.当间谍是危险的。
The aviator pilots his airplane.这位飞行家自己驾驶飞机。
The arrogant man lorded it over everyone he met.那个傲慢的人欺压他碰到的每个人。
Many villagers volunteered to house the flood victims.许多村民主动提出给水灾灾民提供住处。
We roomed together at college.在大学时我们住一个房间。
They must try to bridge the generation gap between them.他们必须填补他们之间的代沟。
I believe it is going to flower this year.我相信它今年会开花。
They floored the room.他们给房间铺上地板。
They dammed the river to control flooding.他们在河上筑坝来控制洪水。
He oiled his tools and put them away.他给工具擦了油，把它们收了起来。
She dusted the furniture.她掸去家具上的尘土。
The pill is coated with sugar.药丸外面包有糖衣。
He wolfed down three great bowls of rice.他狼吞虎咽吃下三大碗饭。
Stop monkeying about!不要瞎胡闹了。
I ducked my head to avoid being hit.我迅速低下头，以防被打中。
Where do swallows winter?燕子在哪里过冬？
We summered by Lake Geneva.我们在日内瓦湖畔过夏天。
A good student hungers after knowledge.好学生渴望获得知识。
This angered him at first.开头这使他很生气。
You timed your arrival beautifully.你到达的时间选择得极好。
Casualties numbered in the thousands.伤亡数以千计。
She had already breakfasted and gone out.她已吃过早饭出去了。
We usually lunch at home.我们通常在家吃中饭。
It stormed all that day.那天一整天风雨大作。
Hes thirsting for revenge.他渴望报仇。
This manuscript dates back to the 8th century.这部手稿是八世纪的东西。
Its a new aircraft powered by Rolls Royce engines.这是一架由罗尔斯罗伊斯引掣驱动的新式飞机。
The train slowed down to half its speed.火车速度减慢了一半。
The river narrows at this point.这条河在这里变窄。
Please warm up this milk.请把牛奶热一下。
Things had quieted down again.情况又归于平静。
The crowd thinned after the parade was over.游行结束之后人群变得稀少起来。
Shelley was unable to calm her.雪莱没法使她平静下来。
The results humbled him.结果使他失去体面。
He idled around the house all morning.整个上午他都在屋里闲待着。
That river empties into the sea.那条河流入大海。
The country was readied for war.这个国家做好战争准备。
She busied herself in tidying up the desk.她忙着收拾她的写字台。
Dont dirty your hands.别把你的手弄脏了。
She wishes to better your condition.她希望改善你的状况。
You all wronged her immensely.你们都大大地冤屈了她。
His hair is greying quickly.他的头发迅速变得花白。
The newspaper had been yellowed by sunlight.阳光使报纸变黄了。
He lowered his voice.他放低了声音。
This helped to further their unity.这帮助促进了他们的团结。
Truth will out.真相总会大白。
The guns downed four bombers.大炮击落了四架轰炸机。
Would you be so kind as to forward my letters?可否劳驾把我的信转给我？
I second the motion.我附议。
She had a bad headache and needed quiet.她头疼得厉害需要安静。
Youre a dear to help me do the work.你帮我干活真乖。
Exports are at a new high.出口达到新的最高水平。
Temperature reached a new low.气温下降到新的最低点。
What does the total come to?总数是多少？
He failed the oral.他口试没及格。
The ancients regarded the ginseng as a magical herb.古人把人参看作一种有神奇力量的药用植物。
She is too young to know the difference between right and wrong.她年纪太小分不清是非。
Have you had a medical yet?你进行体检了吗？
The states duty is to protect its nationals.国家的责任是保护它的国民。
Hes a natural for the job.他是天生适合这工作的人。
At the finals they lost to Hungary.在决赛时他们输给匈牙利了。
Unemployment among blacks was twice as high as that for whites.黑人失业率是白人的两倍。
Many of the nobles joined the uprising.许多贵族也参加了起义。
Ive reserved a single for you.我给你留了一间单人房。
Jane and Tom won the mixed doubles.简和汤姆在混合双打中获胜。
Her sharp words stung him to the quick.她尖刻的话深深刺痛了他。
He was set on by a gang of roughs.他受到一批流氓的袭击。
The giraffe grew up in the wild but he is quite tame now.这只长颈鹿在荒野中长大，但现在已经驯服了。
They escaped at dead of night.他们在深夜时逃走了。
There are too many ifs in your offer.你提的条件中假定太多。
Warm clothes are a must in mountains.在山里保暖衣服是必须有的。
Father told him not to always ask the whys and the wherefores when he was told to do something.他父亲告诉他，让他做什么事时不要老是问为什么。
Have you considered the why and how of this plan?你考虑这计划的目的和方式了没有？
But me no buts.不要找借口辩解。
在美国表示动词、名词都用practice这个形式。
关于以ed及ing结尾的形容词，可参阅第256257节。
为求稳妥，还是以词典上的写法为准。
aAre you air sick?你晕飞机吗？
All these are Chinesedesigned.这些都是中国设计的。
She is lively and outgoing.她很活泼开朗。
My mother is always easygoing.我母亲总是好说话的。
bI saw a row of house with wellkept gardens.我看到一排带有管理良好的花园的房子。
He bought a few things in the dutyfree shop.他在免税商店买了一些东西。
The move was welcomed by all peaceloving people.这一行动受到所有爱好和平人士的欢迎。
He is a selfemployed author.他是一位自己当家作主的作家。
They are now massproducing this instrument.他们正大批生产这种仪器。
It will be airdropped tonight.它将在今晚空投下去。
Insurance costs have skyrocketed保险费大幅上升。
Children iceskated on the side walks.孩子们在人行道上滑冰。
He planned to hitchhike through France.他打算搭顺风车穿过法国。
He went waterskiing this morning.今天早上他滑水去了。
The prosecution lawyer crossexamined the defence witness.诉方律师盘问被告的证人。
He was left to chainsmoke in the waitingroom.他被留在候车室一根接一根地抽烟。
She regularly babysits for them.她经常给他们看孩子。
He was blacklisted because of his antigovernment activities.他由于反政府的活动被列入了黑名单。
He was forced willynilly to sit through a lot of boring speeches.不管他愿意不愿意他不得不听许多乏味的报告。
Youre allowed 12 litres of spirits dutyfree.你可以免税带12升的酒。
He greeted us absentmindedly.他心不在焉地和我们打了招呼。
由于使用得很多，人们已不感到它们是合本词了。
上面a部分为可数名词，b部分为不可数名词。
关于合成名词，可参阅第186节。
关于合成形容词，可参阅第258节。
关于合成动词，可参阅第22节。
Shell work parttime after she has had the baby.生过孩子之后她将做部分时间的工作。
I cant give you an answer offhand.我不能马上就给你回答。
She almost did all this singlehanded.这一切几乎是她一个人干的。
He returned home emptyhanded.他空着手回家了。
They ran helterskelter down the road.他们沿着公路慌乱地逃走了。
Files were scattered higgledypiggledy about the office.文件档案都杂乱地散落在办公室里。
maybe，forever，moreover，however，nevertheless，furthermore，也都是合成副词。
This was my first day at school.这是我上学的第一天。
A fine day in May.五月一个晴朗的日子。
Read the text aloud.朗读课文。
还可用在某些缩写词中，如：a.m.，B.C.，e.g.，Mr.。
What did you say?你说什么？
Still waiting?还在等？
Any more?还有一点吗？
What a nice day!多好的天气呀！
How nice!多好呀！
Shut up!闭嘴！
All right!好的！
Good!好的！
Mary George and myself all supported the idea.玛丽、乔治和我自己都赞成这个想法。
The main products of the district are cotton wool timber and tungoil.这个地区的主要产品为棉花、羊毛、木材和桐油。
We had a long hard but interesting journey.我们做了一次劳累但有意思的长途旅行。
He got up washed dressed and hurried to school.他起床，洗脸，穿衣，然后匆匆到学校去。
Please read slowly loudly and clearly.请慢慢地、大声地、清楚地朗读。
Mr. Green our teacher wants to speak to you.我们老师格林先生想和你谈谈。
People old and young came out to welcome him.老老少少的人都出来欢迎他。
This I think is mainly my fault.我想这主要得怪我。
Oh please dont ask me any more.啊，请别再问我了。
Well here we are at last.好了，终于到了。
Well who would have guessed it!唉！谁会想到呀。
Ouch! That hurts.唉呀！疼。
Bored with the work he thought of going home earlier.他干烦了，想早点回家。
Being so poor they couldnt afford to send me to hospital.他们是那样穷，无力送我进医院。
To be frank we dont trust you.坦率地说，我们不信赖你。
If I were you I would decline the offer.我要是你，我会婉拒这份工作。
Nobody will get anything unless they ask for it.如果不提出要求，谁也得不到什么。
It was late when he returned.他回来时天已晚了。
He fired wounding one of the bandits.他开枪打伤一名匪徒。
She entered accompanied by her cousin.她由表姐陪着走了进来。
He spent two hours preparing his lessons.他花了两个小时备课。
She introduced me to her husband whom I hadnt met before.她把我介绍给她丈夫，这人我以前没见过。
Peter who had been driving all day suggested stopping at the next town.彼得开了一天的车，建议在下一座城市停一停。
My room is on the second floor and hers on the third floor.我的房间在三楼，她的房间在四楼。
This can be and should be corrected.这一点可以也应当改正。
Whether or not he will come I have no idea.他究竟来不来我不知道。
He was born on the 3rd of June 1990.他是1990年6月3日生的。
My address is 96 East Street Berkeley.我的地址是伯克利东街96号。
We fished all day; we didnt catch a thing.我们钓了一整天的鱼，什么也没钓到。
It was getting late; she had to hurry to the station.天渐渐晚了，她得赶往车站。
When we started the sky was clear; but before we had gone a mile it began to rain.我们出发时天还是晴朗的，但我们走了不到一英里，就开始下起雨来。
All this he did but it had no effect.这些他全做了，却没有效果。
I have failed yet I shall try again.我失败了，但我还要试试。
The days were short for it was now December.白天很短，因为现在已经是十二月。
There are in English two articles: the definite article and the indefinite article.英语中有两种冠词，即定冠词和不定冠词。
A noun can be used as: 1 subject 2 object 3 predicative or 4 an attribute.
名词可用作：1主语，2宾语，3表语或4定语。
You cant count on him to help: he is such a busy man.你不能指望他帮忙，他是这样一个大忙人。
How lucky the girls nowadays are! They can go anywhere say anything.今天的女孩子好幸福，她们哪儿都能去，什么话都能说。
The governmentwhich promises to cut taxeswill be popular.政府答应减税，会受到欢迎。
You think so? he asked.你是这样想的？他问道。
Go away! said Mr. Hunt angrily.走开！亨特先生恼怒地说。
Have you read War and Peace?你看过战争与和平吗？
Gone with the Wind is a wonderful film.乱世佳人是一部精彩的电影。
Quotation marks may be single  or double 。引号可以是单引号或是双引号。
Where is todays paper?今天的报纸在哪里？
Ill have ten dollars worth of icecream.我要买十美元的冰淇淋。
Im going to the dentists.我到牙医那儿去。
flu cello 99流感，大提琴，1999年。
You mustnt forget to dot your is and cross your ts.别忘了在i上加点，在t上加横。
How many 5s have you got?你得了几个五分？
Shes left.她走了。
Id like to have a try.我想试一试。
